They were given power not to kill them, but to torment them for five months. Their torment was like the torment of a scorpion, when it strikes a man.
When he drew near, he saw the city and wept over it,
Jesus therefore lifting up his eyes, and seeing that a great multitude was coming to him, said to Philip, Where are we to buy bread, that these may eat?
for you have had five husbands; and he whom you now have is not your husband. This you have said truly.
Familiarity with the sea they will not find an easy acquisition.
knowing that he who raised the Lord Jesus will raise us also with Jesus, and will present us with you.
While they were looking steadfastly into the sky as he went, behold, two men stood by them in white clothing,
They insulted him and said, You are his disciple, but we are disciples of Moses.
We exhort you, brothers, admonish the disorderly, encourage the fainthearted, support the weak, be patient toward all.
speaking to one another in psalms, hymns, and spiritual songs; singing, and singing praises in your heart to the Lord;
Such was the strength and disposition of the Boeotian army.
And so hail to you, daughter of Zeus who holds the aegis! Now I will remember you and another song as well.
and to give relief to you that are afflicted with us, when the Lord Jesus is revealed from heaven with his mighty angels in flaming fire,
The same winter Brasidas, with his allies in the Thracian places, marched against Amphipolis, the Athenian colony on the river Strymon.
When one of the Helots conducted himself rather boldly toward him, he said, If I were not angry, I would kill you.
Watch yourselves, that we don't lose the things which we have accomplished, but that we receive a full reward.
My father lives in the country.
But this is a tale pointlessly invented by the Greeks themselves; and be this as it may, the man was put to death as I have said.
Part 27 Those cases of empyema or dropsy which are treated by incision or the cautery, if the water or pus flow rapidly all at once, certainly prove fatal.
For you know how you ought to imitate us. For we didn't behave ourselves rebelliously among you,
furthermore, to make your wonder the greater, I swear besides that I have not even received what the other generals have received nay, not even so much as some of the captains.
Now when the Athenians heard of this, they were despondent, and sent ambassadors to Cyrus through Tissaphernes.
And I saw the new heaven and the new earth.
as children of obedience, not conforming yourselves according to your former lusts as in your ignorance,
But when someone stronger attacks him and overcomes him, he takes from him his whole armor in which he trusted, and divides his spoils.
Damis, with reference to the instructions sent from Alexander that they should pass a formal vote deifying him, said, We concede to Alexander that, if he so wishes, he may be called a god.
'I am the God of your fathers, the God of Abraham, the God of Isaac, and the God of Jacob. ' Moses trembled, and dared not look.
INTRODUCTION
I charge you before God, who gives life to all things, and before Christ Jesus, who before Pontius Pilate testified the good confession,
A shepherd promised to guide an army well equipped for the climb by a mountain path in three days' time.
Behold, an angel of the Lord stood by them, and the glory of the Lord shone around them, and they were terrified.
Then he charged the disciples that they should tell no one that he is Jesus the Christ.
It happened, as Peter went throughout all those parts, he came down also to the saints who lived at Lydda.
Those bodies which have been slowly emaciated should be slowly recruited; and those which have been quickly emaciated should be quickly recruited.
PEISISTRATUS
Strangury supervenes upon inflammation of the rectum, and of the womb, and strangury supervenes upon suppuration of the kidney, and hiccup upon inflammation of the liver.
When he had captured him, he put him in prison, and delivered him to four squads of four soldiers each to guard him, intending to bring him out to the people after the Passover.
Part 72 Sleep and watchfulness, both of them, when immoderate, constitute disease.
However, it was thought that Cassius had a baleful sign during the lustration; for the lictor brought him his wreath turned upside down.
Therefore let's not judge one another any more, but judge this rather, that no man put a stumbling block in his brother's way, or an occasion for falling.
Jesus, being moved with compassion, touched their eyes; and immediately their eyes received their sight, and they followed him.
When they had brought their boats to land, they left everything, and followed him.
When he entered again into Capernaum after some days, it was heard that he was in the house.
When he would not be persuaded, we ceased, saying, The Lord's will be done.
To their prayers they add the petition that they may be able to submit to injustice.
To Hephaestus
Here people who die receive tithes, but there one receives tithes of whom it is testified that he lives.
Such was the end of Plataea in the ninety-third year after she became the ally of Athens.
They told him, He will miserably destroy those miserable men, and will lease out the vineyard to other farmers, who will give him the fruit in its season.
It will turn out as a testimony for you.
It happened in those days that she fell sick, and died. When they had washed her, they laid her in an upper chamber.
They think it is strange that you don't run with them into the same excess of riot, blaspheming:
But to this day, when Moses is read, a veil lies on their heart.
The Lacedaemonians also marched out to Caryae; but the frontier sacrifices again proving unfavorable, they went back again,
I have spoken these things to you in figures of speech. But the time is coming when I will no more speak to you in figures of speech, but will tell you plainly about the Father.
All these evil things come from within, and defile the man.
Let one undo my shoes, lest from afar an envious look should smite me.
Upon the arrival of the embassy the Athenians arrested the envoys and all who listened to them, as revolutionists, and lodged them in Aegina.
Who is weak, and I am not weak? Who is caused to stumble, and I don't burn with indignation?
They said to him, Caesar's. Then he said to them, Give therefore to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.
Who in hope believed against hope, to the end that he might become a father of many nations, according to that which had been spoken, So will your seed be.
But the one and the same Spirit works all of these, distributing to each one separately as he desires.
When someone inquired why he was an exile from Sparta, being a king, he said, Because her laws are more powerful than I am.
When someone set himself to make a corpse stand upright, and, for all his efforts, was unable to do this, he said, Egad, there is need of something inside.
Part 15 When you wish the hellebore to act more, move the body, and when to stop, let the patient get sleep and rest.
Now if their fall is the riches of the world, and their loss the riches of the Gentiles; how much more their fullness?
Part 5 Dysentery, or dropsy, or ecstacy coming on madness is good.
who alone has immortality, dwelling in unapproachable light; whom no man has seen, nor can see: to whom be honor and eternal power. Amen.
Let them also first be tested; then let them serve as deacons, if they are blameless.
We came to the conclusion that for a gentleman the best occupation and the best science is husbandry, from which men obtain what is necessary to them.
So may I win the victory and be deemed wise.
He said to them, The kings of the Gentiles lord it over them, and those who have authority over them are called 'benefactors. '
But I hope in the Lord Jesus to send Timothy to you soon, that I also may be cheered up when I know how you are doing.
Chapter 3. MONIMUS (fourth century B. C. )
to the praise of the glory of his grace, by which he freely bestowed favor on us in the Beloved,
These, therefore, came to Philip, who was from Bethsaida of Galilee, and asked him, saying, Sir, we want to see Jesus.
that no one be moved by these afflictions. For you know that we are appointed to this task.
When he saw Jesus from afar, he ran and bowed down to him,
When they had appointed elders for them in every assembly, and had prayed with fasting, they commended them to the Lord, on whom they had believed.
Thou remindest me of sorrows.
He commanded them that they should tell no one, but the more he commanded them, so much the more widely they proclaimed it.
Humble yourselves in the sight of the Lord, and he will exalt you.
Part 9 When one wishes to purge, he should put the body into a fluent state.
They called them, and charged them not to speak at all nor teach in the name of Jesus.
begging us with much entreaty in regard to this grace and the fellowship in the service to the saints.
Leotychidas the First, when somebody remarked to him that he was very changeable, said, Yes, because of varying occasion; not like all you because of your baseness.
Don't grieve the Holy Spirit of God, in whom you were sealed for the day of redemption.
whose end is destruction, whose god is the belly, and whose glory is in their shame, who think about earthly things.
Crucifying him, they parted his garments among them, casting lots on them, what each should take.
In most cases also an ineffectual retching followed, producing violent spasms, which in some cases ceased soon after, in others much later.
Thearidas, as he was whetting his sword, was asked if it was sharp, and he replied, Sharper than slander.
Behold, a certain lawyer stood up and tested him, saying, Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
For men indeed swear by a greater one, and in every dispute of theirs the oath is final for confirmation.
I thank my God, I speak with other languages more than you all.
But the end of all things is near. Therefore be of sound mind, self-controlled, and sober in prayer.
After Dion had greeted his sister first, and then his little son, Aristomache led Arete to him, and said: We were unhappy, Dion, while thou wast in exile;
This report went out concerning him in the whole of Judea, and in all the surrounding region.
Paul went down, and fell on him, and embracing him said, Don't be troubled, for his life is in him.
Simon Peter answered, You are the Christ, the Son of the living God.
When he was accused by the chief priests and elders, he answered nothing.
All who believed were together, and had all things common.
These things contain an allegory, for these are two covenants. One is from Mount Sinai, bearing children to bondage, which is Hagar.
Chorus of the Processional Escort Under the primeval caverns of the earth, gaining the high honor of worship and sacrifice all you people, refrain from inauspicious speech!
looking for and earnestly desiring the coming of the day of God, by reason of which the heavens being on fire will be dissolved, and the elements will melt with fervent heat?
Part 16 From spitting of pus arise phthisis and a flux; and when the sputa are stopped, they die.
Part 85The bones connected with the leg, and which are dislocated, either at birth or during adolescence, follow the same course as those in the hand.
His affection is more abundantly toward you, while he remembers all of your obedience, how with fear and trembling you received him.
The Lacedaemonians and the allies present agree to this, and promise to send heralds to the Boeotians and Phocians, and to do their best to persuade them to agree likewise.
Dithyrambs
Acts
Those who saw it declared to them how it happened to him who was possessed by demons, and about the pigs.
But if you show partiality, you commit sin, being convicted by the law as transgressors.
But say the things which fit sound doctrine,
Come and take it!
1. The country of the king in Asia shall be the king's, and the king shall treat his own country as he pleases.
When he arrived there, having renounced his own countryand kin, he did not meditate anything in particular, but intended to side with the Volsci against his country.
The Pharisees said to him, Behold, why do they do that which is not lawful on the Sabbath day?
Now there was a herd of many pigs feeding far away from them.
Proclamation was accordingly made, to know if they would surrender themselves and their arms to the Athenians to be dealt with at their discretion.
he said to them, Make room, because the girl isn't dead, but sleeping. They were ridiculing him.
who gave himself as a ransom for all; the testimony in its own times;
The same summer the Dians took Thyssus, a town on Acte by Athos in alliance with Athens.
I saw a new heaven and a new earth: for the first heaven and the first earth have passed away, and the sea is no more.
For no one does anything in secret, and himself seeks to be known openly. If you do these things, reveal yourself to the world.
After saying this, he tied sixty knots in a thong, and summoning the Ionian sovereigns to an audience said to them:
Jesus answered her, Martha, Martha, you are anxious and troubled about many things,
Seeing a fig tree by the road, he came to it, and found nothing on it but leaves. He said to it, Let there be no fruit from you forever!Immediately the fig tree withered away.
It had been revealed to him by the Holy Spirit that he should not see death before he had seen the Lord's Christ.
It is said that Dionysius also had many portentous signs from Heaven.
This was his recourse, so that by turning night into day he might make his six years into twelve and so prove the oracle false.
They went away and told it to the rest. They didn't believe them, either.
AGESILAUS THE GREAT
In very acute diseases, if matters be in a state of orgasm, we may purge on the first day, for it is a bad thing to procrastinate in such cases.
As for himself, he had not as yet definitely decided, he said, either for war or for peace, but on one thing only was he determined, and that was not to be a slave;
Behold, there was a great earthquake, for an angel of the Lord descended from the sky, and came and rolled away the stone from the door, and sat on it.
For he didn't subject the world to come, whereof we speak, to angels.
They would have done him no harm, but would perhaps have been on their guard against injury.
He who is of God hears the words of God. For this cause you don't hear, because you are not of God.
The beasts ran through the plain.
The Athenians also ordered them to drive out the curse of the goddess of the Brazen House; the history of which is as follows.
It became known to everyone who lived in Jerusalem that in their language that field was called 'Akeldama, ' that is, 'The field of blood. '
coming to him, a living stone, rejected indeed by men, but chosen by God, precious.
She said to him, Yes, Lord. I have come to believe that you are the Christ, God's Son, he who comes into the world.
But when the fullness of the time came, God sent out his Son, born to a woman, born under the law,
Strep. By Jupiter! You will not deceive me; for if I am besprinkled, I shall become fine flour.
Further, upon the recommendation of Xenophon, and by the advice of the soothsayers, it was resolved to purify the army. So the rites of purification were performed.
When the centurion saw what was done, he glorified God, saying, Certainly this was a righteous man.
Chapter 6. HIPPASUS (fourth century B. C. )
As he spoke to our fathers, To Abraham and his seed forever.
By this you know the Spirit of God: every spirit who confesses that Jesus Christ has come in the flesh is of God,
Be careful. If your brother sins against you, rebuke him. If he repents, forgive him.
But the Lycians were suddenly possessed by a dreadful and indescribable impulse to madness, which can be likened best to a passion for death.
Brothers, if any among you wanders from the truth, and someone turns him back,
I will tell my soul, Soul, you have many goods laid up for many years. Take your ease, eat, drink, be merry. '
You know that after two days the Passover is coming, and the Son of Man will be delivered up to be crucified.
You will also testify, because you have been with me from the beginning.
Its wall is one hundred forty-four cubits, by the measure of a man, that is, of an angel.
To Dionysus
for a great and effective door has opened to me, and there are many adversaries.
and having fitted your feet with the preparation of the gospel of peace;
I gave her time to repent, but she refuses to repent of her sexual immorality.
Chapter 4. ARCHYTAS (fourth century B. C. )
Part 45 When ulcers continue open for a year or upward, there must necessarily be exfoliation of bone, and the cicatrices are hollow.
Whoever's sins you forgive, they are forgiven them. Whoever's sins you retain, they have been retained.
Won't you ever speak?
that with one accord you may with one mouth glorify the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ.
They therefore, when they had testified and spoken the word of the Lord, returned to Jerusalem, and preached the gospel to many villages of the Samaritans.
to whom also Abraham divided a tenth part of all (being first, by interpretation, king of righteousness, and then also king of Salem, which is king of peace;
These kids are in danger.
For the whole law is fulfilled in one word, in this: You shall love your neighbor as yourself.
For as the body apart from the spirit is dead, even so faith apart from works is dead.
You are witnesses with God, how holy, righteously, and blamelessly we behaved ourselves toward you who believe.
Bear one another's burdens, and so fulfill the law of Christ.
And so, farewell, son of Zeus and Leto; but I will remember you and another hymn also.
ANAXANDRIDAS
ZEUXIDAMUS
Whither shall one flee? Where shall I go and abide?
A second said, Hallelujah! Her smoke goes up forever and ever.
He has on his garment and on his thigh a name written, KING OF KINGS, AND LORD OF LORDS.
it seemed good to us, having come to one accord, to choose out men and send them to you with our beloved Barnabas and Paul,
He used to say that those who rob virtue of honour rob youth of virtue.
and charged them that they should not make him known:
Chapter 8. EUDOXUS (c. 407-357 B. C. )
Part 43 When persons having large spleens are seized with dysentery, and if the dysentery pass into a chronic state, either dropsy or lientery supervenes, and they die.
Paul, a prisoner of Christ Jesus, and Timothy our brother, to Philemon, our beloved fellow worker,
and by some that Elijah had appeared, and by others that one of the old prophets had risen again.
for which things' sake the wrath of God comes on the sons of disobedience.
We see that they were not able to enter in because of unbelief.
For before some people came from James, he ate with the Gentiles. But when they came, he drew back and separated himself, fearing those who were of the circumcision.
accounting that God is able to raise up even from the dead. Figuratively speaking, he also did receive him back from the dead.
But Peter began, and explained to them in order, saying,
Chapter 2. DIOGENES (404-323 B. C. )
but emptied himself, taking the form of a servant, being made in the likeness of men.
Having said these things to them, he stayed in Galilee.
What I do not know, I also do not think I know.
Tom teaches.
It happened, as he came near Jericho, a certain blind man sat by the road, begging.
Now there are various kinds of gifts, but the same Spirit.
Behold, Moses and Elijah appeared to them talking with him.
EPICURUS (341-271 B. C. )
But how does God answer him? I have reserved for myself seven thousand men, who have not bowed the knee to Baal.
But you say, 'If a man tells his father or his mother, Whatever profit you might have received from me is Corban, that is to say, given to God; '
When Peter had come up to Jerusalem, those who were of the circumcision contended with him,
Persons who have no thirst while under the action of a purgative medicine, do not cease from being purged until they become thirsty.
But the report concerning him spread much more, and great multitudes came together to hear, and to be healed by him of their infirmities.
according to the gospel of the glory of the blessed God, which was committed to my trust.
It is the spirit who gives life. The flesh profits nothing. The words that I speak to you are spirit, and are life.
Part 42 In cases of jaundice, it is a bad symptom when the liver becomes indurated.
I tell you, arise, take up your mat, and go to your house.
But the Lord's word endures forever. This is the word of good news which was preached to you.
Don't marvel that I said to you, 'You must be born anew. '
Jesus said to them, Most assuredly, I tell you, before Abraham came into existence, I AM.
Throw out the unprofitable servant into the outer darkness, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth. '
This was because of the false brothers secretly brought in, who stole in to spy out our liberty which we have in Christ Jesus, that they might bring us into bondage;
My speech and my preaching were not in persuasive words of human wisdom, but in demonstration of the Spirit and of power,
The Lacedaemonians were also glad to have an excuse for sending some of the Helots out of the country, for fear that the present aspect of affairs and the occupation of Pylos might encourage them to move.
Can a fig tree, my brothers, yield olives, or a vine figs? Thus no spring yields both salt water and fresh water.
There one would learn much self-control.
They went away in the boat to a desert place by themselves.
If we sowed to you spiritual things, is it a great thing if we reap your fleshly things?
If I go and prepare a place for you, I will come again, and will receive you to myself; that where I am, you may be there also.
Part 26 If in a person ill of dysentery, substances resembling flesh be discharged from the bowels, it is a mortal symptom.
Jesus said to them, All of you will be made to stumble because of me tonight, for it is written, 'I will strike the shepherd, and the sheep will be scattered. '
Shepherd the flock of God which is among you, exercising the oversight, not under compulsion, but voluntarily, not for dishonest gain, but willingly;
He spoke also this parable to certain people who were convinced of their own righteousness, and who despised all others.
For you have heard of my way of living in time past in the Jews' religion, how that beyond measure I persecuted the assembly of God, and ravaged it.
Another also said, I want to follow you, Lord, but first allow me to bid farewell to those who are at my house.
When she heard this, she arose quickly, and went to him.
They were bringing to him little children, that he should touch them, but the disciples rebuked those who were bringing them.
This done, they went away, and when they had attended to the details of all that I have mentioned, they went to dinner; and then they stationed their pickets and went to bed.
On behalf of such a one I will boast, but on my own behalf I will not boast, except in my weaknesses.
Chapter 14. GLAUCON
Such were the allies of either party and their resources for the war.
they told him, Teacher, we found this woman in adultery, in the very act.
Therefore comfort one another with these words.
Jesus sat down opposite the treasury, and saw how the multitude cast money into the treasury. Many who were rich cast in much.
Chorus Thereforemy heart is wrapped in gloom and is racked with fear for the Persian army lest the statelearn that the mighty capital of Susa is empty of men.
One of the lawyers answered him, Teacher, in saying this you insult us also.
Agrippa said to Festus, I also would like to hear the man myself. Tomorrow, he said, you will hear him.
Now there was a certain rich man, and he was clothed in purple and fine linen, living in luxury every day.
Now it happened, while the multitude pressed on him and heard the word of God, that he was standing by the lake of Gennesaret.
But when you see Jerusalem surrounded by armies, then know that its desolation is at hand.
I have seen, and have testified that this is the Son of God.
The things which you have heard from me among many witnesses, commit the same to faithful men, who will be able to teach others also.
But she answered him, Yes, Lord. Yet even the dogs under the table eat the children's crumbs.
Again you have heard that it was said to them of old time, 'You shall not make false vows, but shall perform to the Lord your vows, '
Callicratidas, however, sailed down upon him suddenly and captured ten of his ships, Diomedon escaping with his own ship and one other.
Now the people at home deposed the above-mentioned generals, with the exception of Conon; and as his colleagues they chose two men, Adeimantus and Philocles. As for those generals who had taken part in the battle, two of them Protomachus and Aristogenes did not return to Athens, but when the other six came home
Of power varied natures.
The high priest stood up, and said to him, Have you no answer? What is this that these testify against you?
Therefore you shall be perfect, just as your Father in heaven is perfect.
in the power of signs and wonders, in the power of God's Spirit; so that from Jerusalem, and around as far as to Illyricum, I have fully preached the gospel of Christ;
Leaving the latter aside, then, I shall speak of the king who came after them, whose name was Sesostris .
Advancing by short marches, on the third day they arrived at Gigonus, where they encamped.
But I said, 'Not so, Lord, for nothing unholy or unclean has ever entered into my mouth. '
preaching boldly in the name of the Lord. He spoke and disputed against the Grecian Jews, but they were seeking to kill him.
He said to me, The waters which you saw, where the prostitute sits, are peoples, multitudes, nations, and languages.
As soon as this party had come near, they directed whatever Greek general or captain there might be to come forward, in order that they might deliver a message from the King.
Part 4 Neither repletion, nor fasting, nor anything else, is good when more than natural.
Part 12 It is a bad thing to purge upward in winter persons whose bowels are in a state of lientery.
Thus Antony’s life was saved by Brutus; but in the fear which then reigned, he put on a plebeian dress and took to flight.
He isn't here, but is risen. Remember what he told you when he was still in Galilee,
For from within, out of the hearts of men, proceed evil thoughts, adulteries, sexual sins, murders, thefts,
Now I stand here to be judged for the hope of the promise made by God to our fathers,
But when Jacob heard that there was grain in Egypt, he sent out our fathers the first time.
He went up into the mountain, and called to himself those whom he wanted, and they went to him.
In the hearing of all the people, he said to his disciples,
yet I tell you that even Solomon in all his glory was not dressed like one of these.
For I have given you an example, that you also should do as I have done to you.
And being found in human form, he humbled himself, becoming obedient to death, yes, the death of the cross.
Why then do you delay to tell the whole?
See with what large letters I write to you with my own hand.
Seeing one of them suffer wrong, he defended him, and avenged him who was oppressed, striking the Egyptian.
Jesus went out from there, and withdrew into the region of Tyre and Sidon.
But he said to them, Haven't you read what David did, when he was hungry, and those who were with him;
You have perseverance and have endured for my name's sake, and have not grown weary.
Jesus said to him, If you can believe, all things are possible to him who believes.
Most assuredly I tell you, all of the sons of men's sins will be forgiven them, including their blasphemies with which they may blaspheme;
Simon Peter said to him, Lord, where are you going? Jesus answered, Where I am going, you can't follow now, but you will follow afterwards.
And oh! what greater joy than this canst thou obtain, and more efficacious for moral improvement?
To one he gave five talents, to another two, to another one; to each according to his own ability. Then he went on his journey.
These have one mind, and they give their power and authority to the beast.
When he was invited to hear the man who imitated the nightingale’s voice, he begged to be excused, saying, I hae heard the bird itsel’ mony a time.
They compelled one passing by, coming from the country, Simon of Cyrene, the father of Alexander and Rufus, to go with them, that he might bear his cross.
The devil, leading him up on a high mountain, showed him all the kingdoms of the world in a moment of time.
he who says he remains in him ought himself also to walk just like he walked.
CHARILLUS
and the Living one. I was dead, and behold, I am alive forevermore. Amen. I have the keys of Death and of Hades.
But he said to them, Not all men can receive this saying, but those to whom it is given.
Of the constitutions of the year, the dry, upon the whole, are more healthy than the rainy, and attended with less mortality.
A Spartan having been taken prisoner in war and put up for sale, when the crier said, I offer a Spartan for sale, stopped his mouth, saying, Cry a prisoner of war.
These Aeolians had settled where the land was better than the Ionian territory, but the climate was not so good.
He said to them, But who do you say that I am? Peter answered, You are the Christ.
Now when morning had come, all the chief priests and the elders of the people took counsel against Jesus to put him to death:
When the wine ran out, Jesus' mother said to him, They have no wine.
one God and Father of all, who is over all, and through all, and in us all.
LYSANDER
When they heard these things, they held their peace, and glorified God, saying, Then God has also granted to the Gentiles repentance to life!
But a certain one of those who stood by drew his sword, and struck the servant of the high priest, and cut off his ear.
They answered that they didn't know where it was from.
They accordingly suddenly sent off forty ships that had been got ready to sail round Peloponnese, under the command of Cleippides, son of Deinias, and two others;
What then is the law? It was added because of transgressions, until the seed should come to whom the promise has been made. It was ordained through angels by the hand of a mediator.
But I have a baptism to be baptized with, and how distressed I am until it is accomplished!
For most assuredly I tell you, whoever may tell this mountain, 'Be taken up and cast into the sea,' and doesn't doubt in his heart, but believes that what he says is happening; he shall have whatever he says.
having stripped the principalities and the powers, he made a show of them openly, triumphing over them in it.
From Maecenas, his bosom-friend, he used to receive each year on his birthday a drinking-cup as a birthday present.
Behold, I come quickly. My reward is with me, to repay to each man according to his work.
But you have come to Mount Zion, and to the city of the living God, the heavenly Jerusalem, and to innumerable hosts of angels,
First say to yourself what you would be; and then do what you have to do.
‘I am forced first to speak to you of the prejudice with which I am regarded, in order that suspicion may not make you disinclined to listen to me upon public matters.
Have any of the rulers believed in him, or of the Pharisees?
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through Isaiah the prophet, saying,
He answered them, I told you already, and you didn't listen. Why do you want to hear it again? You don't also want to become his disciples, do you?
whenever I journey to Spain, I will come to you. For I hope to see you on my journey, and to be helped on my way there by you, if first I may enjoy your company for a while.
that I may be delivered from those who are disobedient in Judea, and that my service which I have for Jerusalem may be acceptable to the saints; that I may come to you in joy through the will of God, and together with you, find rest.
To Athena
When the men of that place recognized him, they sent into all that surrounding region, and brought to him all who were sick,
And they were still more elated by a successful engagement at sea, in which they defeated Philistus, and then treated him in a barbarous and savage fashion.
They accordingly sent a trireme to communicate the decree to Paches, commanding him to lose no time in despatching the Mitylenians.
Those who stood by said, Do you malign God's high priest?
Released from Hellenic war, the Athenians made an expedition to Cyprus with two hundred vessels of their own and their allies, under the command of Cimon.
For I most assuredly, as being absent in body but present in spirit, have already, as though I were present, judged him who has done this thing.
As they said these things, Jesus himself stood among them, and said to them, Peace be to you.
If he called them gods, to whom the word of God came (and the Scripture can't be broken),
While he was still speaking, behold, a multitude, and he who was called Judas, one of the twelve, was leading them. He came near to Jesus to kiss him.
We were in all in the ship two hundred seventy-six souls.
nor did I go up to Jerusalem to those who were apostles before me, but I went away into Arabia. Then I returned to Damascus.
Such was the state of preparation at Athens.
Question II. WHETHER THE ENTERTAINER SHOULD SEAT THE GUESTS, OR LET EVERY MAN TAKE HIS OWN PLACE. TIMON, A GUEST, PLUTARCH, PLUTARCH’S FATHER, LAMPRIAS, AND OTHERS.
whom he gathered together, with the workmen of like occupation, and said, Sirs, you know that by this business we have our wealth.
Ever to excel.
which reaches from the island of Platea to the entrance of the Syrtis. This people is like the others in its customs.
No man, when he has lit a lamp, puts it in a cellar, nor under a basket, but on a stand, that those who enter in may see the light.
They came to Jericho. As he went out from Jericho, with his disciples and a great multitude, the son of Timaeus, Bartimaeus, a blind beggar, was sitting by the road.
When Jesus came into Peter's house, he saw his wife's mother lying sick with a fever.
Everything flows and nothing remains.
for the anger of man doesn't produce the righteousness of God.
John's First Letter
He arose and took the young child and his mother, and came into the land of Israel.
If you are the Christ, tell us. But he said to them, If I tell you, you won't believe,
PYRRHUS
Each state that contributed to the armament had its own general; the Corinthian commanders were Machaon, Isocrates, and Agatharchidas.
No less than four thousand four hundred heavy infantry in the ranks died of it and three hundred cavalry, besides a number of the multitude that was never ascertained.
The devil said to him, If you are the Son of God, command this stone to become bread.
Not that I seek for the gift, but I seek for the fruit that increases to your account.
Let your beauty be not just the outward adorning of braiding the hair, and of wearing jewels of gold, or of putting on fine clothing;
envyings, murders, drunkenness, orgies, and things like these; of which I forewarn you, even as I also forewarned you, that those who practice such things will not inherit the Kingdom of God.
In their mouth was found no lie, for they are blameless.
until the day in which he was received up, after he had given commandment through the Holy Spirit to the apostles whom he had chosen.
Where is the man?
Do we then nullify the law through faith? May it never be! No, we establish the law.
You will not convince the wise (I fear).
so that it became evident to the whole praetorian guard, and to all the rest, that my bonds are in Christ;
EURYCRATIDAS, SON OF ANAXANDRIDAS
They live in a house.
So he inquired of them the hour when he began to get better. They said therefore to him, Yesterday at the seventh hour, the fever left him.
Why am I so favored, that the mother of my Lord should come to me?
Through him, then, let us offer up a sacrifice of praise to God continually, that is, the fruit of lips which make confession to his name.
The former insincerly preach Christ from selfish ambition, thinking that they add affliction to my chains;
As I swore in my wrath, 'They will not enter into my rest. '
The servant said, 'Lord, it is done as you commanded, and there is still room. '
Then the disciples came to Jesus privately, and said, Why weren't we able to cast it out?
I shall not be caught by a trick.
There was one called Barabbas, bound with those who had made insurrection, men who in the insurrection had committed murder.
He said to the woman, Your faith has saved you. Go in peace.
Bad friends bear bad fruit.
the blind receive their sight, the lame walk, the lepers are cleansed, the deaf hear, the dead are raised up, and the poor have good news preached to them.
But I have this against you, that you left your first love.
He said to them, Go and tell that fox, 'Behold, I cast out demons and perform cures today and tomorrow, and the third day I complete my mission.
While the generals from the Peloponnese considered this argument, an Athenian came with the message that the barbarians had reached Attica and were destroying all of it by fire.
For our light affliction, which is for the moment, works for us more and more exceedingly an eternal weight of glory;
I ask then, did they stumble that they might fall? May it never be! But by their fall salvation has come to the Gentiles, to provoke them to jealousy.
Mary said to the angel, How can this be, seeing I am a virgin?
And in this way, the troops next to the last wheeling off in due succession, before the enemy knew it he had broken up his battle line and brought all his men without confusion into their intrenchments.
which he worked in Christ, when he raised him from the dead, and made him to sit at his right hand in the heavenly places,
AGIS
For John said to Herod, It is not lawful for you to have your brother's wife.
Demetrius has the testimony of all, and of the truth itself; yes, we also testify, and you know that our testimony is true.
but they only heard: He who once persecuted us now preaches the faith that he once tried to destroy.
I saw no temple in it, for the Lord God, the Almighty, and the Lamb, are its temple.
Chorus And he stretched out his hands to uphold the firmament, seeking the home of Atlas, and on his manly shoulders took the starry mansions of the gods.
While Cambyses was attackingEgypt , the Lacedaemonians too were making war uponSamosand upon Aeaces' son Polycrates, who had revolted and wonSamos .
Greet Amplias, my beloved in the Lord.
which he made to abound toward us in all wisdom and prudence,
But if you are led by the Spirit, you are not under the law.
When they heard this, they were baptized into the name of the Lord Jesus.
Barnabas planned to take John with them also, who was called Mark.
Into whatever city or village you enter, find out who in it is worthy; and stay there until you go on.
so as to preach the gospel even to the parts beyond you, not to boast in what someone else has already done.
LYSANDER
He took with him Peter, James, and John, and began to be greatly troubled and distressed.
They, when they came to Caesarea and delivered the letter to the governor, presented Paul also before him.
All things that are mine are yours, and yours are mine, and I am glorified in them.
Part 65 When chronic abscesses (phymata) or pains in the joints take place after fevers, the patients are using too much food.
The merchants of these things, who were made rich by her, will stand far away for the fear of her torment, weeping and mourning;
Chorus Why grieve when the deed is past recall? These things can never be but as they are.
After sailing with a light and gentle breeze for twelve days, on the thirteenth they reached Pachynus, a headland of Sicily.
Taking up their poems, I would question them.
Joseph of Arimathaea, a prominent council member who also himself was looking for the Kingdom of God, came. He boldly went in to Pilate, and asked for Jesus' body.
that in everything you were enriched in him, in all speech and all knowledge;
As to what happened, however, when we did pursue, you are quite right: we were no better able to inflict harm upon the enemy, and it was only with the utmost difficulty that we effected our own withdrawal.
For we have much joy and comfort in your love, because the hearts of the saints have been refreshed through you, brother.
The night is far gone, and the day is near. Let's therefore throw off the works of darkness, and let's put on the armor of light.
Third, he slew at Crommyon the sow that was called Phaea after the old woman who bred it; that sow, some say, was the offspring of Echidna and Typhon.
For behold, when the voice of your greeting came into my ears, the baby leaped in my womb for joy!
The lord of the vineyard said, 'What shall I do? I will send my beloved son. It may be that seeing him, they will respect him. '
The Ister, then, flows clean acrossEuropeand ends its course in theEuxine sea , atIstria , which is inhabited by Milesian colonists.
For the law of the Spirit of life in Christ Jesus made me free from the law of sin and of death.
Timothy, my fellow worker, greets you, as do Lucius, Jason, and Sosipater, my relatives.
I grow old always learning many things.
You became imitators of us, and of the Lord, having received the word in much affliction, with joy of the Holy Spirit,
CLEOMBROTUS, SON OF PAUSANIAS
When they came to the multitude, a man came to him, kneeling down to him, saying,
Such were the auxiliaries brought together on either side, all of which had by this time joined, neither party experiencing any subsequent accession.
He taught, saying to them, Isn't it written, 'My house will be called a house of prayer for all the nations? ' But you have made it a den of robbers!
They agreed with him. Summoning the apostles, they beat them and charged them not to speak in the name of Jesus, and let them go.
at once, then, they ran after them, and found no one, but saw a razor lying under a hollow rock in the quarter from which Sosis had been seen to come.
nor do you consider that it is advantageous for us that one man should die for the people, and that the whole nation not perish.
the commanding officer commanded him to be brought into the barracks, ordering him to be examined by scourging, that he might know for what crime they shouted against him like that.
And now that you have brought to a close your lamentations for your relatives, you may depart. ’
He who sees me sees him who sent me.
For we write no other things to you, than what you read or even acknowledge, and I hope you will acknowledge to the end;
However with most of them, God was not well pleased, for they were overthrown in the wilderness.
On these terms the Lacedaemonians concluded with the Athenians and their allies on the twelfth day of the Spartan month Cerastius;
and all the brothers who are with me, to the assemblies of Galatia:
He would not, but went and cast him into prison, until he should pay back that which was due.
But when Peter came to Antioch, I resisted him to the face, because he stood condemned.
For, He who would love life, And see good days, Let him keep his tongue from evil, And his lips from speaking deceit.
with good will doing service, as to the Lord, and not to men;
Jesus heard that they had thrown him out, and finding him, he said, Do you believe in the Son of God?
Yes, and for this very cause adding on your part all diligence, in your faith supply moral excellence; and in moral excellence, knowledge;
We have seen and testify that the Father has sent the Son as the Savior of the world.
All the multitude sought to touch him, for power came out from him and healed them all.
Then his disciples asked him, What does this parable mean?
Greet every saint in Christ Jesus. The brothers who are with me greet you.
Aren't they all ministering spirits, sent out to do service for the sake of those who will inherit salvation?
saying, The Lord is risen indeed, and has appeared to Simon!
After he returned home he made no change in anything touching his life and his manner of living on account of so many successes and victories.
But if there is no resurrection of the dead, neither has Christ been raised.
saying, Don't harm the earth, neither the sea, nor the trees, until we have sealed the bondservants of our God on their foreheads!
CRATES
And I, said Clearchus, will bring them all, and in my turn will make known to you whence come the reports that I hear about you.
After the first acts of kindness, however, Plato introduced the subject of Dion,
Only let those who come come with full powers, as you desire us. The truce shall be for one year. Approved by the people.
And no wonder, for even Satan masquerades as an angel of light.
All with one impulse worshiped the god.
It was now about the sixth hour, and darkness came over the whole land until the ninth hour.
For if they do these things in the green tree, what will be done in the dry?
and know his will, and approve the things that are excellent, being instructed out of the law,
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you devour widows' houses, and as a pretense you make long prayers. Therefore you will receive greater condemnation.
but the Egyptians in this and in all other matters are exceedingly strict against desecration of their temples.
But Jesus said to him, Leave the dead to bury their own dead, but you go and announce the Kingdom of God.
Chapter 4. MELISSUS
This procured him the emulous goodwill of all men, and decrees of public honours from the cities.
IPHICRATES
For now we see in a mirror, dimly, but then face to face. Now I know in part, but then I will know fully, even as I was also fully known.
Learning that in gambling with dice some of his friends did not enter into the game as a sport, he punished them.
Again therefore he asked them, Who are you looking for? They said, Jesus of Nazareth.
The faculty of staying if successful, or of returning, will be secured to us by our navy, as we shall be superior at sea to all the Siceliots put together.
Largeness of person in youth is noble and not unbecoming; but in old age it is inconvenient, and worse than a smaller structure.
Jesus said to him, 'You shall love the Lord your God with all your heart, and with all your soul, and with all your mind. '
When they had crossed over, they came to the land of Gennesaret.
This mystery is great, but I speak concerning Christ and of the assembly.
Chapter 2. ARISTON (c. 320-250 b. c. )
But when he saw the multitudes, he was moved with compassion for them, because they were weary and scattered, as sheep without a shepherd.
He reasoned within himself, saying, 'What will I do, because I don't have room to store my crops? '
Paul summoned one of the centurions, and said, Bring this young man to the commanding officer, for he has something to tell him.
and their word will consume like gangrene, of whom is Hymenaeus and Philetus;
Another, as she handed her son his shield, exhorted him, saying, Either this or upon this.
Tom killed a tiger.
Aren't two sparrows sold for an assarion? Not one of them falls on the ground apart from your Father's will,
There were seven sons of one Sceva, a Jewish chief priest, who did this.
The Holy Spirit also testifies to us, for after saying,
When they heard it, they marveled, and left him, and went away.
This persuasion is not from him who calls you.
The fourth river is called Gyndes, that Gyndes which Cyrus parted once into three hundred and sixty channels.
For you ought to say, If the Lord wills, we will both live, and do this or that.
A Spartan, seeing a man taking up a collection for the gods, said that he did not think much of gods who were poorer than himself.
(I fear) it's rather rude to speak the truth.
Whereupon as I journeyed to Damascus with the authority and commission from the chief priests,
What shall we say to this? Anything else than to agree?
For the Sadducees say that there is no resurrection, neither angel, nor spirit; but the Pharisees confess all of these.
Part 17 Hiccup in inflammation of the liver bad.
Yet if the unbeliever departs, let there be separation. The brother or the sister is not under bondage in such cases, but God has called us in peace.
I went to one of the men who seemed to be wise, thinking that there I should test the oracle.
But Jesus said, Someone did touch me, for I perceived that power has gone out of me.
Therefore don't be ashamed of the testimony of our Lord, nor of me his prisoner; but endure hardship for the gospel according to the power of God,
Then because of the Jews' Preparation Day (for the tomb was near at hand) they laid Jesus there.
nor yet through the blood of goats and calves, but through his own blood, entered in once for all into the Holy Place, having obtained eternal redemption.
For even Christ didn't please himself. But, as it is written, The reproaches of those who reproached you fell on me.
who will speak to you words by which you will be saved, you and all your house. '
Jesus saw Nathanael coming to him, and said about him, Behold, an Israelite indeed, in whom is no deceit!
She is beautiful.
But sin, finding occasion through the commandment, produced in me all kinds of coveting. For apart from the law, sin is dead.
so we, who are many, are one body in Christ, and individually members one of another.
Again he said, To what shall I compare the Kingdom of God?
who in time past were no people, but now are God's people, who had not obtained mercy, but now have obtained mercy.
After the second veil was the tabernacle which is called the Holy of Holies,
5. All the cities in Peloponnese, both small and great, shall be independent according to the customs of their country.
Therefore Jews took up stones again to stone him.
For indeed we have had good news preached to us, even as they also did, but the word they heard didn't profit them, because it wasn't mixed with faith by those who heard.
We see that we are unable to get the upper hand.
Part 38 It is better not to apply any treatment in cases of occult cancer; for, if treated, the patients die quickly; but if not treated, they hold out for a long time.
holding faith and a good conscience; which some having thrust away made a shipwreck concerning the faith;
Fear, you know, is not only painful in itself by reason of its presence in the soul, but by haunting us even in our pleasures it spoils them utterly.
Leading these out, and engaging the Persians, he was beaten: Astyages himself was taken prisoner, and lost the Median army which he led.
As they cried out, and threw off their cloaks, and threw dust into the air,
Therefore a division arose again among the Jews because of these words.
Brothers, I write no new commandment to you, but an old commandment which you had from the beginning. The old commandment is the word which you heard from the beginning.
He took him by the right hand, and raised him up. Immediately his feet and his ankle bones received strength.
Working together, we entreat also that you not receive the grace of God in vain,
And by some freak of fortune, both generals hastening to answer the summons, both arrived at one and the same time.
These, sending their horses over the road at full gallop, came to Leontini just as the sun was setting.
By being with wise men you will yourself become wise.
For our naval skill is of more use to us for service on land, than their military skill for service at sea.
So to say, through Abraham even Levi, who receives tithes, has paid tithes,
Cyrus, however, wishing to have his Medes and allies stay with him voluntarily, called a meeting of all his staff-officers, and when they were come together he spoke as follows:
for it was not to win empire for themselves, he said, but to give liberty to their country, that they were wandering about and collecting forces with which to overthrow the tyrants;
Therefore Jesus answered them, Don't murmur among yourselves.
For there also must be factions among you, that those who are approved may be revealed among you.
Which of you fathers, if your son asks for bread, will give him a stone? Or if he asks for a fish, he won't give him a snake instead of a fish, will he?
Jesus said to them, I will ask you one question. Answer me, and I will tell you by what authority I do these things.
And he is the atoning sacrifice for our sins, and not for ours only, but also for the whole world.
Be it known to you therefore, brothers, that through this man is proclaimed to you remission of sins,
For you have not come to a mountain that might be touched, and that burned with fire, and to blackness, darkness, tempest,
If anyone has ears to hear, let him hear! When he had entered into a house away from the multitude, his disciples asked him about the parable.
When the centurion heard it, he went to the commanding officer and told him, Watch what you are about to do, for this man is a Roman!
They were astonished beyond measure, saying, He has done all things well. He makes even the deaf hear, and the mute speak!
He observed the precept of Polybius, and triednever to leave the Forum before he had in some way made an acquaintance and friend of somebody among those who spoke with him.
We, then, taking to heart this lesson, so suited to the crisis which now confronts us, must be brave men ourselves and call forth bravery in our fellows.
Such persons as become hump-backed from asthma or cough before puberty, die.
the salutations in the marketplaces, and to be called 'Rabbi, Rabbi' by men.
Are you bound to a wife? Don't seek to be freed. Are you free from a wife? Don't seek a wife.
Such speeches as these the mercenaries disseminated in their camp, and made Mago suspicious of treachery, though he had long wanted a pretext for going away.
They went out of the prison, and entered into Lydia's house. When they had seen the brothers, they comforted them, and departed.
For in this the saying is true, 'One sows, and another reaps. '
However, it was for them to deliberate by themselves, he said, and in return for their former bravery and zeal he joined them in praying that what they decided might be for their advantage.
There is no fear of God before their eyes.
There arose a great wind storm, and the waves beat into the boat, so much that the boat was already filled.
But that the world may know that I love the Father, and as the Father commanded me, even so I do. Arise, let us go from here.
Another, in answer to the inquiry, Why do you use short swords? said, So that we may get close to the enemy.
My grandmother lives in the country.
MARCUS CATO
Therefore he who resists the authority, withstands the ordinance of God; and those who withstand will receive to themselves judgment.
When he would have put him to death, he feared the multitude, because they counted him as a prophet.
Give to him who asks you, and don't turn away him who desires to borrow from you.
Seeing therefore it remains that some should enter therein, and they to whom the good news was before preached failed to enter in because of disobedience,
Inaros, the Libyan king, the sole author of the Egyptian revolt, was betrayed, taken, and crucified.
He who doesn't take his cross and follow after me, isn't worthy of me.
But I counted it necessary to send to you Epaphroditus, my brother, fellow worker, fellow soldier, and your apostle and minister to my need;
Jesus wept.
He called ten servants of his, and gave them ten minas, and told them, 'Conduct business until I come. '
So also you, since you are zealous for spiritual gifts, seek that you may abound to the building up of the assembly.
When it was time, he sent a servant to the farmer to get from the farmer his share of the fruit of the vineyard.
The four angels were freed who had been prepared for that hour and day and month and year, so that they would kill one third of mankind.
If the tongue suddenly lose its powers, or a part of the body become apoplectic, the affection is of a melancholic nature.
When the Thurians, namely, went on an expedition against the Bruttians, the Corinthians received their city in charge, and guarded it honestly and faithfully to the end, as though it were their own.
But when the crowd was put out, he entered in, took her by the hand, and the girl arose.
He is the one who comes after me, who has come to be before me, whose sandal strap I'm not worthy to untie.
Was anyone called having been circumcised? Let him not become uncircumcised. Has anyone been called in uncircumcision? Let him not be circumcised.
Which will make you look more terrible to the enemy, to dazzle all beholders with your own glittering panoply, or to present the whole of your people in goodly armour?
Having found a ship crossing over to Phoenicia, we went aboard, and set sail.
whereas Dion was living with greater confidence and pleasure in his banishment than the tyrant who banished him, and yet of his own accord he hazarded a peril so great in order to save Sicily.
After this the troops went into camp by divisions, but the generals and captains were invited to dinner by Seuthes in a village he was occupying near by.
I have compassion on the multitude, because they have stayed with me now three days, and have nothing to eat.
having predestined us for adoption as sons through Jesus Christ to himself, according to the good pleasure of his desire,
has at the end of these days spoken to us by his Son, whom he appointed heir of all things, through whom also he made the worlds.
Men will arise from among your own selves, speaking perverse things, to draw away the disciples after them.
Pilate said to them, Why, what evil has he done? But they cried out exceedingly, Crucify him!
the son of Enos, the son of Seth, the son of Adam, the son of God.
At early dawn, he came again into the temple, and all the people came to him. He sat down, and taught them.
The last enemy that will be abolished is death.
THORYCION
Heracles Oh, oh! what are you doing, Pallas, child of Zeus, to the house? You are sending hell’s confusion against the halls, as once you did on Enceladus.
FABIUS MAXIMUS
For neither were we at any time found using words of flattery, as you know, nor a cloak of covetousness (God is witness),
On the same day an Athenian galley that lay moored off the harbor was captured by the Syracusans.
Speedily may my feet bear me to some town of righteous men; for their hearts are generous and their wit is best.
You, Capernaum, who are exalted to heaven, will be brought down to Hades.
He went his way, and began to proclaim in Decapolis how Jesus had done great things for him, and everyone marveled.
Last of all the Corinthians came forward, and having let those who preceded them inflame the Lacedaemonians, now followed with a speech to this effect:
So, as much as is in me, I am eager to preach the gospel to you also who are in Rome.
Chorus Which disaster shall I bewail first? Which is more to be pitied? In my grief I cannot decide.
For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in Christ Jesus our Lord.
When someone was praising the Argive warriors, a Spartan said, Yes, at Troy!
But whoever denies me before men, him I will also deny before my Father who is in heaven.
He called him, and said to him, 'What is this that I hear about you? Give an accounting of your management, for you can no longer be manager. '
All those who the Father gives me will come to me. Him who comes to me I will in no way throw out.
Therefore be watchful all the time, asking that you may be counted worthy to escape all these things that will happen, and to stand before the Son of Man.
The army thus retired blaming Agis, and returned every man to his home.
But Paul's sister's son heard of their lying in wait, and he came and entered into the barracks and told Paul.
Greet Prisca and Aquila, and the house of Onesiphorus.
Now he had to release one prisoner to them at the feast.
but I tell you that everyone who gazes at a woman to lust after her has committed adultery with her already in his heart.
Mitylene was thus blockaded strictly on both sides, by land and by sea, and winter now drew near.
He kneeled down, and cried with a loud voice, Lord, don't hold this sin against them! When he had said this, he fell asleep.
Jesus said, I came into this world for judgment, that those who don't see may see; and that those who see may become blind.
Then he began to curse and to swear, I don't know the man!Immediately the cock crowed.
If I told you earthly things and you don't believe, how will you believe if I tell you heavenly things?
I also heard a voice saying to me, 'Rise, Peter, kill and eat!'
for this is my blood of the new covenant, which is poured out for many for the remission of sins.
PAEDARETUS
The accounts are from and about those things.
The Pharisees heard the multitude murmuring these things concerning him, and the chief priests and the Pharisees sent officers to arrest him.
He called the twelve together, and gave them power and authority over all demons, and to cure diseases.
Grace be with you all. Amen.
Then you will begin to say, 'We ate and drink in your presence, and you taught in our streets. '
and are confident that you yourself are a guide of the blind, a light to those who are in darkness,
Therefore the Kingdom of Heaven is like a certain king, who wanted to reconcile accounts with his servants.
I see the lion.
and said to him, Everyone serves the good wine first, and when the guests have drunk freely, then that which is worse. You have kept the good wine until now!
Behold, I will throw her into a bed, and those who commit adultery with her into great oppression, unless they repent of her works.
They weren't able to trap him in his words before the people. They marveled at his answer, and were silent.
For on setting out to take Catana, he at once lost Syracuse; at which time, as they say, he remarked that he had lost a city and got a cheese-grater.
This is now, beloved, the second letter that I have written to you; and in both of them I stir up your sincere mind by reminding you;
As for your not sinking, then, you may be sure in an instant on that point, for every skin will keep two men from sinking;
and you will be blessed, because they don't have the resources to repay you. For you will be repaid in the resurrection of the righteous.
The same came as a witness, that he might testify about the light, that all might believe through him.
She lives in the country.
The scribes who came down from Jerusalem said, He has Beelzebul, and, By the prince of the demons he casts out the demons.
For it is said that over twenty-five thousand of their enemies were slain; while of the Romans there fell, according to Poseidonius, a hundred, according to Nasica, eighty.
But thanks be to God, who puts the same earnest care for you into the heart of Titus.
The third tripod says, in hexameter verse again: Laodamas, while he reigned, dedicated this cauldron To Apollo, the sure of aim, as a lovely offering.
But they found it hard to move, as most of them had been always used to live in the country.
If any man or woman who believes has widows, let them relieve them, and don't let the assembly be burdened; that it might relieve those who are widows indeed.
He also said to his disciples, There was a certain rich man who had a manager. An accusation was made to him that this man was wasting his possessions.
Are, then, these people to believe you are doing this for them?
On that day Jesus went out of the house, and sat by the seaside.
or service, let us give ourselves to service; or he who teaches, to his teaching;
The light shines in the darkness, and the darkness hasn't overcome it.
Chapter 4. DIONYSIUS (c. 330-250 b. c. )
Consider what I say, and may the Lord give you understanding in all things.
He awoke, and rebuked the wind, and said to the sea, Peace! Be still! The wind ceased, and there was a great calm.
Part 9 Phthisis most commonly occurs between the ages of eighteen and thirty-five years.
Jesus came out, saw a great multitude, and he had compassion on them, because they were like sheep without a shepherd, and he began to teach them many things.
But some of them went away to the Pharisees, and told them the things which Jesus had done.
When the days of their purification according to the law of Moses were fulfilled, they brought him up to Jerusalem, to present him to the Lord
After these things, Jesus came with his disciples into the land of Judea. He stayed there with them, and baptized.
Her spirit returned, and she rose up immediately. He commanded that something be given to her to eat.
Another, as she accompanied a lame son on his way to the field of battle, said, At every step, my child, remember your valour.
Jesus answered them, Isn't it written in your law, 'I said, you are gods? '
but in everything commending ourselves, as servants of God, in great endurance, in afflictions, in hardships, in distresses,
Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus through the will of God, and Timothy our brother,
When the ten heard it, they began to be indignant towards James and John.
Those who passed by blasphemed him, wagging their heads, and saying, Ha! You who destroy the temple, and build it in three days,
When therefore the people saw the sign which Jesus did, they said, This is truly the prophet who comes into the world.
Part 54 In whatever case of ardent fever dry coughs of a tickling nature with slight expectoration are long protracted, there is usually not much thirst.
If you have not been faithful in that which is another's, who will give you that which is your own?
There was a village near the sea.
Being therefore justified by faith, we have peace with God through our Lord Jesus Christ;
that all may honor the Son, even as they honor the Father. He who doesn't honor the Son doesn't honor the Father who sent him.
He was preaching in the synagogues of Galilee.
saying to the sixth angel who had one trumpet, Free the four angels who are bound at the great river Euphrates!
By speaking thus among Persians, the king honored Megabazus; and now he left him behind as his commander, at the head of eighty thousand of his army.
Help!
I don't write these things to shame you, but to admonish you as my beloved children.
And when all had been gathered together, Pausanias led them to Athens and encamped in the Academy.
in whom we have boldness and access in confidence through our faith in him.
I don't trust Tom.
He threw down the pieces of silver in the sanctuary, and departed. He went away and hanged himself.
if they were wise, therefore, they would band together by themselves, choose generals from their own number, make the journey by themselves, and try to get a little good out of it.
He said that it gave him more joy to see those of the youth that blushed than those that blanched.
But in vain do they worship me, Teaching as doctrines the commandments of men. '
On hearing of this, they were eager to have the issue decided by battle before Brutus learned what great good fortune had come to him.
NUMA
The woman fled into the wilderness, where she has a place prepared by God, that there they may nourish her one thousand two hundred sixty days.
The people who sat in darkness saw a great light, To those who sat in the region and shadow of death, To them light has dawned.
Let all bitterness, wrath, anger, outcry, and slander, be put away from you, with all malice.
The first came before him, saying, 'Lord, your mina has made ten more minas. '
without understanding, covenant-breakers, without natural affection, unforgiving, unmerciful;
AGESIPOLIS, SON OF PAUSANIAS
and put on the new man, who in the likeness of God has been created in righteousness and holiness of truth.
He paid the army wages.
Some of those who stood there asked them, What are you doing, untying the colt?
They said, Isn't this Jesus, the son of Joseph, whose father and mother we know? How then does he say, 'I have come down out of heaven? '
Repent therefore, or else I am coming to you quickly, and I will make war against them with the sword of my mouth.
Part 84Injuries of the foot are to be remedied like those of the hand.
saying, Sir, we remember what that deceiver said while he was still alive: 'After three days I will rise again. '
When Jesus saw her, he called her, and said to her, Woman, you are freed from your infirmity.
CHRYSIPPUS
Being asked for what purpose they offered sacrifice to the Muses before hazardous ventures, he said, So that our deeds may find good words.
For I determined not to know anything among you, except Jesus Christ, and him crucified.
Amphitryon The gods have afflicted us with grievous suffering. Theseus Whose are these children, over whom you weep?
Paul's Letter to Titus
He said, Whoever has ears to hear, let him hear.
The high priest therefore asked Jesus about his disciples, and about his teaching.
For the eyes of the Lord are on the righteous, And his ears open to their prayer; But the face of the Lord is against those who do evil.
because we are members of his body, of his flesh and bones.
But when it was day, the magistrates sent the sergeants, saying, Let those men go.
Then they will see the Son of Man coming in a cloud with power and great glory.
There arose therefore a questioning on the part of John's disciples with some Jews about purification.
With these views, Athens received Corcyra into alliance, and on the departure of the Corinthians not long afterwards, sent ten ships to their assistance.
He answered, Who is he, Lord, that I may believe in him?
The fitting thing was that you should foresee it.
Part 22 Those ruptures in the back which spread down to the elbows are removed by venesection.
His parents said these things because they feared the Jews; for the Jews had already agreed that if any man would confess him as Christ, he would be put out of the synagogue.
When we heard these things, both we and they of that place begged him not to go up to Jerusalem.
Remember Jesus Christ, risen from the dead, of the seed of David, according to my gospel,
Some indeed preach Christ even out of envy and strife, and some also out of good will.
not a new convert, lest being puffed up he fall into the same condemnation as the devil.
These representations succeeding, it was so arranged that the men were caught sailing out in the boat that was provided, and the treaty became void accordingly, and the whole were given up to the Corcyraeans.
Jesus said, Who touched me? When all denied it, Peter and those with him said, Master, the multitudes press and jostle you, and you say, 'Who touched me? '
Peter, remembering, said to him, Rabbi, look! The fig tree which you cursed has withered away.
The Lord's word was spread abroad throughout all the region.
Does a spring send out from the same opening fresh and bitter water?
But those farmers said among themselves, 'This is the heir. Come, let's kill him, and the inheritance will be ours. '
They kept saying, Hail, King of the Jews! and they kept slapping him.
They stoned Stephen as he called out, saying, Lord Jesus, receive my Spirit!
for it is written, 'He will give his angels charge concerning you, to guard you; '
but he remained in Sicily, enjoying the blessings of his own creation, the greatest of which was the sight of so many cities and myriads of people whose happiness was due to him.
Against their superior experience set your superior daring, and against the fear induced by defeat the fact of your having been then unprepared;
Thus they parted from each other, and the battle ceased with night.
Our two brothers wrought their common death.
They were all astonished at the majesty of God. But while all were marveling at all the things which Jesus did, he said to his disciples,
Jesus answered, Weren't the ten cleansed? But where are the nine?
For you, brothers, were called for freedom. Only don't use your freedom for gain to the flesh, but through love be servants to one another.
He said to them, My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even to death. Stay here, and watch.
Watch and pray, that you don't enter into temptation. The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
They have gone forward in pursuit.
Heal the sick, cleanse the lepers, and cast out demons. Freely you received, so freely give.
Some began to spit on him, and to cover his face, and to beat him with fists, and to tell him, Prophesy! The officers struck him with the palms of their hands.
being upset because they taught the people and proclaimed in Jesus the resurrection from the dead.
While Peter thought about the vision, the Spirit said to him, Behold, three men seek you.
Here come the boys.
For the Son of Man didn't come to destroy men's lives, but to save them. They went to another village.
A new commandment I give to you, that you love one another, just like I have loved you; that you also love one another.
I advanced in the Jews' religion beyond many of my own age among my countrymen, being more exceedingly zealous for the traditions of my fathers.
For this reason he came marching on now slowly, and now at top speed.
For what glory is it if, when you sin, you patiently endure beating? But if, when you do well, you patiently endure suffering, this is commendable with God.
Blessed are the gentle, For they shall inherit the earth.
After he had finished speaking in the hearing of the people, he entered into Capernaum.
For David says concerning him, 'I saw the Lord always before my face, For he is on my right hand, that I should not be moved.
Therefore, my brothers, when you come together to eat, wait one for another.
And yet Philistus has stated explicitly that this was said to Dionysius by another, and not by himself.
His feet were like burnished brass, as if it had been refined in a furnace. His voice was like the voice of many waters.
Therefore I will not be negligent to remind you of these things, though you know them, and are established in the present truth.
knowing this, that our old man was crucified with him, that the body of sin might be done away with, so that we would no longer be in bondage to sin.
Nevertheless, he who comforts the lowly, God, comforted us by the coming of Titus;
But I will come to you shortly, if the Lord is willing. And I will know, not the word of those who are puffed up, but the power.
Therefore it also was reckoned to him for righteousness.
But now God has set the members, each one of them, in the body, just as he desired.
as free, and not using your freedom for a cloak of wickedness, but as bondservants of God.
Then Pharisees and scribes came to Jesus from Jerusalem, saying,
I have come in my Father's name, and you don't receive me. If another comes in his own name, you will receive him.
Then Simon Peter came, following him, and entered into the tomb. He saw the linen cloths lying,
He is guilty of corrupting the young.
For this, I was appointed as a preacher, an apostle, and a teacher of the Gentiles.
Then they sought for Jesus and spoke one with another, as they stood in the temple, What do you think that he isn't coming to the feast at all?
Jesus summoned them, and said to them, You know that they who are recognized as rulers over the Gentiles lord it over them, and their great ones exercise authority over them.
Tom and Mary are in danger.
Thereupon the Spartans sent these men to Media for execution.
When another man remarked the same thing he said, In truth I am taking many if they are all to be slain.
You search the Scriptures, because you think that in them you have eternal life; and these are they which testify about me.
Jesus therefore came out, wearing the crown of thorns and the purple garment. Pilate said to them, Behold, the man!
Therefore the soldiers came, and broke the legs of the first, and of the other who was crucified with him;
For am I now seeking the favor of men, or of God? Or am I striving to please men? For if I were still pleasing men, I wouldn't be a servant of Christ.
And I thank him who enabled me, Christ Jesus our Lord, because he counted me faithful, appointing me to service;
Those who were in the boat came and worshiped him, saying, You are truly the Son of God!
But the man from whom the demons had gone out begged him that he might go with him, but Jesus sent him away, saying,
Either with it or on it.
two women grinding at the mill, one will be taken and one will be left.
PART 22XXII. It travels from within to hair, nails, and to the extreme surface ; from without nutriment travels from the extreme surface to the innermost parts.
For as the Father has life in himself, even so he gave to the Son also to have life in himself.
This you know, that all who are in Asia turned away from me; of whom are Phygelus and Hermogenes.
Philip went down to the city of Samaria, and proclaimed to them the Christ.
I have not written to you because you don't know the truth, but because you know it, and because no lie is of the truth.
But when you make a feast, ask the poor, the maimed, the lame, or the blind;
But the disobedient Jews stirred up and embittered the souls of the Gentiles against the brothers.
He could do no mighty work there, except that he laid his hands on a few sick folk, and healed them.
in all things showing yourself an example of good works; in your teaching showing integrity, seriousness, incorruptibility,
Chapter 1. PYTHAGORAS (c. 582-500 B. C. )
Why, what other good of learning should I enjoy?
Chorus But may Zeus grant that it go well with us. For Zeus’ desire is hard to trace: it shines everywhere, even in gloom, together with fortune obscure to mortal men.
If a woman herself divorces her husband, and marries another, she commits adultery.
Both armies employed the rest of the summer in collecting corn, Perseus threshing in the fields and the Romans in their camp.
Cho. And it appears you have need of powerful arguments against him, if you are to conquer the man and not incur laughter.
By faith, Abraham, when he was called, obeyed to go out to the place which he was to receive for an inheritance. He went out, not knowing where he went.
And so, farewell, Son of Zeus and Maia; but I will remember you and another song also.
Acute disease come to a crisis in fourteen days.
Part 30 It proves fatal to a woman in a state of pregnancy, if she be seized with any of the acute diseases.
They are not of the world even as I am not of the world.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
For indeed we who are in this tent do groan, being burdened; not that we desire to be unclothed, but that we desire to be clothed, that what is mortal may be swallowed up by life.
For as in Adam all die, so also in Christ all will be made alive.
I came to throw fire on the earth. I wish it were already kindled.
But now you seek to kill me, a man who has told you the truth, which I heard from God. Abraham didn't do this.
Consider Israel after the flesh. Don't those who eat the sacrifices have communion with the altar?
These precautions against the Potidaeans were taken by the Athenians immediately after the battle at Corcyra.
What's that thing in your right hand?
ANAXANDER, SON OF EURYCRATES
Then John's disciples came to him, saying, Why do we and the Pharisees fast often, but your disciples don't fast?
and he said to him, 'Friend, how did you come in here not wearing wedding clothing? ' He was speechless.
ALEXANDER
Because it is contained in Scripture, Behold, I lay in Zion a chief cornerstone, elect, precious: He who believes in him will not be put to shame.
he foreseeing this spoke about the resurrection of the Christ, that neither was his soul left in Hades, nor did his flesh see decay.
Where is the boy?
Cretans always lie.
But take her within, slaves.
Be assured, however, I shall tell you the whole truth.
He took with him Peter and the two sons of Zebedee, and began to be sorrowful and severely troubled.
Don't seek revenge yourselves, beloved, but give place to God's wrath. For it is written, Vengeance belongs to me; I will repay, says the Lord.
When they had hoisted it up, they used cables to help reinforce the ship. Fearing that they would run aground on the Syrtis sand bars, they lowered the sea anchor, and so were driven.
Jesus said to him, You have both seen him, and it is he who speaks with you.
Then when this was done, the rest also that had diseases in the island came, and were cured.
Jesus answered them, Most assuredly I tell you, if you have faith, and don't doubt, you will not only do what is done to the fig tree, but even if you told this mountain, 'Be taken up and cast into the sea, ' it would be done.
Grace to you and peace be multiplied in the knowledge of God and of Jesus our Lord,
But according to your hardness and unrepentant heart you are treasuring up for yourself wrath in the day of wrath and revelation of the righteous judgment of God;
But now I am going to him who sent me, and none of you asks me, 'Where are you going? '
Beloved, now we are children of God, and it is not yet revealed what we will be. But we know that, when he is revealed, we will be like him; for we will see him just as he is.
Chapter 6. METROCLES (c. 300 B. C. )
and he made us to be a kingdom, priests to his God and Father; to him be the glory and the dominion forever and ever. Amen.
But all these things will they do to you for my name's sake, because they don't know him who sent me.
'The Lord said to my Lord, Sit on my right hand, Until I make your enemies a footstool for your feet? '
But when she saw him, she was greatly troubled at the saying, and considered what kind of salutation this might be.
It is a fine thing, whoever has a trusty tongue.
Or do you think that I couldn't ask my Father, and he would even now send me more than twelve legions of angels?
After these things, I saw another angel coming down out of the sky, having great authority. The earth was illuminated with his glory.
Cyrus ought to be alive.
After he had sent the multitudes away, he went up into the mountain by himself to pray. When evening had come, he was there alone.
The ambassadors seated themselves in the temple of Hera as suppliants, and made the above requests to the Corcyraeans. But the Corcyraeans refused to accept their supplication, and they were dismissed without having effected anything.
the stars will be falling from the sky, and the powers that are in the heavens will be shaken.
A voice came out of the cloud, saying, This is my beloved Son. Listen to him!
A light for revelation to the Gentiles, And the glory of your people Israel.
PLATO (427-347 B. C. )
Klearchos tried to force the soldiers to go; but they threw stones at him.
So will it be in the end of the world. The angels will come forth, and separate the wicked from among the righteous,
On the contrary, even if they were guilty, you ought to seem not to notice it, in order to avoid alienating the only class still friendly to us.
He said that he would leave to the Romans as his successor on the throne a man who never had deliberated twice about the same thing, meaning Tiberius.
He (Cædicius) promised to carry letters through theenemy's ranks to the Capitol.
for which I am an ambassador in chains; that in it I may speak boldly, as I ought to speak.
The woman answered, I have no husband. Jesus said to her, You said well, 'I have no husband,'
Joses, who by the apostles was surnamed Barnabas (which is, being interpreted, Son of Exhortation), a Levite, a man of Cyprus by race,
The Aeginetans heard this and refrained from carrying the king away, and made an agreement that Leutychides should go with them to Athens and restore the men to the Aeginetans.
The unclean spirit, convulsing him and crying with a loud voice, came out of him.
Come now, you rich, weep and howl for your miseries that are coming on you.
He won't break a bruised reed. He won't quench a smoking flax, Until he leads justice to victory.
Being asked whether Python or Caphisias were the better flute-player he said, Polysperchon is the better general.
The Revelation to John
For there is no partiality with God.
The brothers who were at Lystra and Iconium gave a good testimony about him.
When he was twelve years old, they went up to Jerusalem according to the custom of the feast,
The circumstance which first enabled him to lay the king under an obligation, and to make a beginning of the whole design was this.
Part 44 Persons who are naturally very fat are apt to die earlier than those who are slender.
Chapter 4. LYCO (299-225 B. C. )
but Paul chose Silas, and went out, being commended by the brothers to the grace of God.
He will never yield.
Hail, goddess, and give us good fortune with happiness!
As he says also in another place, You are a priest forever, After the order of Melchizedek.
No one, when he has lit a lamp, covers it with a container, or puts it under a bed; but puts it on a stand, that those who enter in may see the light.
Then he said to him, Get up, and go your way. Your faith has healed you.
Remind them to be in subjection to rulers and to authorities, to be obedient, to be ready for every good work,
For this is the message which you heard from the beginning, that we should love one another;
Stephen, full of faith and power, performed great wonders and signs among the people.
Prologue
When he caught Greek spies in his camp, he did them no injury, but, after bidding them observe his army freely, let them go.
As therefore you received Christ Jesus, the Lord, walk in him,
For it seems to me unreasonable, in sending a prisoner, not to also specify the charges against him.
Such were the events of this winter; and with it ended the sixth year of this war, of which Thucydides was the historian.
that your rejoicing may abound in Christ Jesus in me through my presence with you again.
Antalcidas, retorting to the Athenian who called the Spartans unlearned, said, At any rate, we alone have learned no evil from you Athenians.
concerning zeal, persecuting the assembly; concerning the righteousness which is in the law, found blameless.
There is a boy here who has five barley loaves and two fish, but what are these among so many?
Greet one another with a kiss of love. Peace be to you all who are in Christ Jesus. Amen.
And has raised up a horn of salvation for us in the house of his servant David
When he was alone, those who were around him with the twelve asked him about the parables.
If your brother sins against you, go, show him his fault between you and him alone. If he listens to you, you have gained back your brother.
He said to them, Come, and see. They came and saw where he was staying, and they stayed with him that day. It was about the tenth hour.
Do good to those who hate you.
Annas sent him bound to Caiaphas, the high priest.
By faith, Joseph, when his end was near, made mention of the departure of the children of Israel; and gave instructions concerning his bones.
Others, mocking, said, They are filled with new wine.
But to the married I command not I, but the Lord that the wife not leave her husband
Accordingly they established themselves at Rhegium in Italy, and from thence carried on the war in concert with their allies.
Bearing this in mind, they kept the Laconian army where it was and tried to persuade Amompharetus that he was in the wrong.
Accordingly they resolved to put some men on board a boat, and send them without a herald's wand to the Athenians, as an experiment. Having done so, they spoke as follows:
Mary said, My soul magnifies the Lord.
But the principal point is the hindrance that they will experience from want of money. The slowness with which it comes in will cause delay; but the opportunities of war wait for no man.
The raven is black.
They answered him, Jesus of Nazareth. Jesus said to them, I AM. Judas also, who betrayed him, was standing with them.
Therefore, 'Come out from among them, And be separate, ' says the Lord, 'Touch no unclean thing. I will receive you.
For Jesus himself testified that a prophet has no honor in his own country.
Harpagus, after subjugatingIonia , made an expedition against the Carians, Caunians, and Lycians, taking Ionians and Aeolians with him.
Let us therefore, as many as are perfect, think this way. If in anything you think otherwise, God will also reveal that to you.
He gave some to be apostles; and some, prophets; and some, evangelists; and some, shepherds and teachers;
By faith, he lived as an alien in the land of promise, as in a land not his own, dwelling in tents, with Isaac and Jacob, the heirs with him of the same promise.
Are you so foolish? Having begun in the Spirit, are you now completed in the flesh?
It happened, as we were going to prayer, that a certain girl having a spirit of divination met us, who brought her masters much gain by fortune telling.
All these together bear the name of Skoloti, after their king; “Scythians” is the name given them by Greeks. This, then, is the Scythians' account of their origin,
For it is not you who speak, but the Spirit of your Father who speaks in you.
No one has ascended into heaven, but he who descended out of heaven, the Son of Man, who is in heaven.
Don't you know that those who serve around sacred things eat from the things of the temple, and those who wait on the altar have their portion with the altar?
and they didn't know until the flood came, and took them all away, so will be the coming of the Son of Man.
For a certain man named Demetrius, a silversmith, who made silver shrines of Artemis, brought no little business to the craftsmen,
Simon, whom he also named Peter; Andrew, his brother; James; John; Philip; Bartholomew;
Demosthenes, a little man made up of syllables and a tongue.
To him who strikes you on the cheek, offer also the other; and from him who takes away your cloak, don't withhold your coat also.
Before it happened, any one hearing of it would have refused to believe it.
forbidding marriage and commanding to abstain from foods which God created to be received with thanksgiving by those who believe and know the truth.
And the results bore witness that his confidence in a victory in the battle was well grounded; for with a few legions he routed all those opposed to him.
He who doesn't love me doesn't keep my words. The word which you hear isn't mine, but the Father's who sent me.
In the second place, you support us now at great expense; whereas, if we take the field, we shall get our support from the enemy’s country.
For what does it profit a man, to gain the whole world, and forfeit his life?
knowing that the putting off of my tent comes swiftly, even as our Lord Jesus Christ made clear to me.
For if the rejection of them is the reconciling of the world, what would their acceptance be, but life from the dead?
Blessed is the man whom the Lord will by no means charge with sin.
So then, let us follow after things which make for peace, and things by which we may build one another up.
At present we do exactly the opposite. When a free community, held in subjection by force, rises, as is only natural, and asserts its independence, it is no sooner reduced than we fancy ourselves obliged to punish it severely;
They were confounded by the tidings and went back in haste, having neither taken the city against which they went forth, nor kept the one they had.
Now Bethany was near Jerusalem, about fifteen stadia away.
Purge out the old yeast, that you may be a new lump, even as you are unleavened. For indeed Christ, our Passover, has been sacrificed in our place.
They gained superior strength both by access of wealth and by rule over others.
Being asked by a woman from Attica, Why is it that you Spartan women are the only women that lord it over your men, she said, Because we are the only women that are mothers of men.
Rejoice always.
But when the Jews saw the multitudes, they were filled with jealousy, and contradicted the things which were spoken by Paul, and blasphemed.
Then why didn't you deposit my money in the bank, and at my coming, I might have earned interest on it? '
Croesus, mistaking the meaning of the oracle, invadedCappadocia , expecting to destroy Cyrus and the Persian power.
Herod with his soldiers humiliated him and mocked him. Dressing him in luxurious clothing, they sent him back to Pilate.
Chorus Hark, hark! What cry is this that rises near the altar? At once explain the nature of the trouble.
You blind Pharisee, first clean the inside of the cup and of the platter, that the outside of it may become clean also.
He entered again into the synagogue, and there was a man there who had his hand withered.
If Satan also is divided against himself, how will his kingdom stand? For you say that I cast out demons by Beelzebul.
For to everyone who has will be given, and he will have abundance, but from him who has not, even that which he has will be taken away.
Jesus himself, when he began to teach, was about thirty years old, being the son (as was supposed) of Joseph, the son of Heli,
It happened, that he stayed many days in Joppa with one Simon, a tanner.
He spoke a parable to them. Can the blind guide the blind? Won't they both fall into a pit?
For you therefore who believe is the honor, but for such as are disobedient, The stone which the builders rejected, Has become the chief cornerstone,
When, at Mantineia, he was not permitted to risk a decisive battle with the enemy, who outnumbered his men, he said, He who would rule over many must fight with many.
Further, on the borders of most states dwell barbarians who trouble them: but the neighbouring states of Athens are themselves remote from the barbarians.
Send therefore to Joppa, and summon Simon, who is surnamed Peter. He lodges in the house of Simon a tanner, by the seaside. When he comes, he will speak to you. '
He confessed, and didn't deny, but he confessed, I am not the Christ.
He was returning and sitting in his chariot, and was reading the prophet Isaiah.
For out of the heart come forth evil thoughts, murders, adulteries, sexual sins, thefts, false testimony, and blasphemies.
That which you sow, you don't sow the body that will be, but a bare grain, maybe of wheat, or of some other kind.
For the mystery of lawlessness already works. Only there is one who restrains now, until he is taken out of the way.
He answered them, I also will ask you one question. Tell me:
they must therefore keep their purpose carefully in mind and not get far removed from Italy, but rather hasten thither and give aid to their countrymen.
Socrates used to pray to the gods simply to give what was good, feeling that the gods knew best.
What does he say?
He led them out as far as Bethany, and he lifted up his hands, and blessed them.
So they took the money and did as they were told. This saying was spread abroad among the Jews, and continues until this day.
After the piece of bread, then Satan entered into him. Then Jesus said to him, What you do, do quickly.
As the ships coasted along shore they ravaged the seaboard of Laconia;
not stealing, but showing all good fidelity; that they may adorn the doctrine of God, our Savior, in all things.
They said, Moses allowed a certificate of divorce to be written, and to divorce her.
When evening came, his disciples went down to the sea,
Sons within Ah!
As they went out from Jericho, a great multitude followed him.
4. If it shall be anywhere necessary to make an expedition in common, the Lacedaemonians and Argives shall consult upon it and decide, as may be most fair for the allies.
As he was listening to a musician, he said, He seems to do his silly task fairly well.
even he to whom it was said, In Isaac will your seed be called;
But the word of God grew and multiplied.
He charged them, saying, Take heed: beware of the yeast of the Pharisees and the yeast of Herod.
This is the attitude in which artists represent the horses on which gods and heroes ride, and men who manage such horses gracefully have a magnificent appearance.
We have come to believe and know that you are the Christ, the Son of the living God.
About that time there arose no small stir concerning the Way.
There appears to be a difference of customs.
While they delayed there, this battle took place and so the summer ended.
We have many reasons to expect success, first, superiority in numbers and in military experience, and secondly our general and unvarying obedience in the execution of orders. The naval strength
Thus did Cambyses then; at another time he took twelve Persians, equal to the noblest in the land, convicted them of some minor offense, and buried them alive up to the neck.
Looking at them, Jesus said, With men this is impossible, but with God all things are possible.
So paying no attention to their opponents, they were amazed at the loud and confused outcries which came to them from the trenches.
Immediately I was in the Spirit. Behold, there was a throne set in heaven, and one sitting on the throne
PART 11XI. Bear in mind the employment of instruments and the pointing out of significant symptoms, and so forth.
Another, in answer to her son who said that the sword which he carried was short, said, Add a step to it.
but she will be saved through her child-bearing, if they continue in faith, love, and sanctification with sobriety.
Aemilius, after effecting a junction with Nasica, came down in battle array against the enemy.
Mary arose in those days and went into the hill country with haste, into a city of Judah,
SULLA
And at another time, when they raised a question about fortifications, he said that a city is not unfortified whose crowning glory is men and not bricks and stones.
We know that God doesn't listen to sinners, but if anyone is a worshipper of God, and does his will, he listens to him.
Most assuredly, I tell you, one who doesn't enter by the door into the sheep fold, but climbs up some other way, the same is a thief and a robber.
but I hope to see you soon, and we will speak face to face. Peace be to you. The friends greet you. Greet the friends by name.
Jesus said to her, Woman, believe me, the hour comes, when neither in this mountain, nor in Jerusalem, will you worship the Father.
strengthened with all power, according to the might of his glory, for all endurance and perseverance with joy;
For even when we had come into Macedonia, our flesh had no relief, but we were afflicted on every side. Fightings were outside. Fear was inside.
For the man was more than forty years old, on whom this miracle of healing was performed.
For what if some were without faith? Will their lack of faith nullify the faithfulness of God?
They think that they will plunge me below the surface.
Jesus took the loaves; and having given thanks, he distributed to the disciples, and the disciples to those who were sitting down; likewise also of the fish as much as they desired.
What therefore will the lord of the vineyard do? He will come and destroy the farmers, and will give the vineyard to others.
When they asked him to stay with them a longer time, he declined;
But arise, get down, and go with them, doubting nothing; for I have sent them.
Some of the Pharisees from the multitude said to him, Teacher, rebuke your disciples!
When I broke the five loaves among the five thousand, how many baskets full of broken pieces did you take up? They told him, Twelve.
If then you aren't able to do even the least things, why are you anxious about the rest?
Now Simon's wife's mother lay sick with a fever, and immediately they told him about her.
When someone else wished to know why Sparta was without walls, he pointed to the citizens in full armour and said, These are the Spartans’ walls.
But she who gives herself to pleasure is dead while she lives.
Immediately the king sent out a soldier of his guard, and commanded to bring John's head, and he went and beheaded him in the prison,
Yes, brother, let me have joy from you in the Lord. Refresh my heart in the Lord.
Now in the things which we are saying, the main point is this. We have such a high priest, who sat down on the right hand of the throne of the Majesty in the heavens,
and if they be adjudged guilty, that they be punished with death and handed over to the Eleven, and that their property be confiscated and the tenth thereof belong to the goddess.
All this was done, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophet, saying,
The apostles said to the Lord, Increase our faith.
Chorus Lo! I see the bodiesof the fallen youths. Woe is me! would I could join these children in their death and descend to Hades with them!
The apostles gathered themselves together to Jesus, and they told him all things, whatever they had done, and whatever they had taught.
He (Q. Marcius) was foremost in labor, although sixty years of age and very corpulent.
Everyone who divorces his wife, and marries another, commits adultery. He who marries one who is divorced from a husband commits adultery.
where they crucified him, and with him two others, on either side one, and Jesus in the middle.
I have sent him therefore the more diligently, that, when you see him again, you may rejoice, and that I may be the less sorrowful.
Not only so, but Rebecca also conceived by one, by our father Isaac.
After these things, Jesus revealed himself again to the disciples at the sea of Tiberias. He revealed himself this way.
To this Plato answered with a smile: Heaven forbid that there should be such a dearth of topics for discussion in the Academy that any one mention thee.
where they were joined by the Toronaeans of their party.
When he was at the place, he said to them, Pray that you don't enter into temptation.
who also made us sufficient as servants of a new covenant; not of the letter, but of the Spirit. For the letter kills, but the Spirit gives life.
He used to say that the most beautiful death was death in war.
Jesus said to her, Mary. She turned and said to him, Rhabbouni! which is to say, Teacher!
Agis however entreated them to do none of these things, promising to atone for his fault by good service in the field, failing which they might then do to him whatever they pleased;
We don't trust them.
Every art and every inquiry seem to aim at some good.
They came to him, and woke him up, saying, Save us, Lord! We are dying!
Toward the commencement and end of diseases all the symptoms are weaker, and toward the acme they are stronger.
May she not spoil thy marrriage.
Do this, knowing the time, that it is already time for you to awaken out of sleep, for salvation is now nearer to us than when we first believed.
But I tell you who hear: love your enemies, do good to those who hate you,
A multitude was sitting around him, and they told him, Behold, your mother, your brothers, and your sisters are outside looking for you.
Beloved, if our hearts don't condemn us, we have boldness toward God;
They spoke the word of the Lord to him, and to all who were in his house.
Why are you anxious about clothing? Consider the lilies of the field, how they grow. They don't toil, neither do they spin,
I love you!
Having this confidence, I know that I will remain, yes, and remain with you all, for your progress and joy in the faith,
The Lord is not slow concerning his promise, as some count slowness; but is patient with us, not wishing that any should perish, but that all should come to repentance.
and partly by persuading, partly by compelling the Barbarians, they made their way down to Rhegium while a great storm was still raging at sea.
For first of all, when you come together in the assembly, I hear that divisions exist among you, and I partly believe it.
whereas angels, though greater in might and power, don't bring a railing judgment against them before the Lord.
Greet Andronicus and Junias, my relatives and my fellow prisoners, who are notable among the apostles, who also were in Christ before me.
Again he stooped down, and with his finger wrote on the ground.
So Pilate then took Jesus, and flogged him.
the son of Amminadab, the son of Aram, the son of Joram, the son of Hezron, the son of Perez, the son of Judah,
Pilate therefore entered again into the Praetorium, called Jesus, and said to him, Are you the King of the Jews?
Part 61 In a febrile complaint, if the fever do not leave on the odd days, it relapses.
But immediately Jesus spoke to them, saying Cheer up! I AM! Don't be afraid.
Some of them would have arrested him, but no one laid hands on him.
For who makes you different? And what do you have that you didn't receive? But if you did receive it, why do you boast as if you had not received it?
He who speaks in another language edifies himself, but he who prophesies edifies the assembly.
and the rest grabbed his servants, and treated them shamefully, and killed them.
Four people came, carrying a paralytic to him.
LEOTYCHIDAS
Having blindfolded him, they struck him on the face and asked him, Prophesy! Who is the one who struck you?
He took the cup, and when he had given thanks, he gave to them. They all drank of it.
that he might sanctify it, having cleansed it by the washing of water with the word,
But they were urgent with loud voices, asking that he might be crucified. Their voices and the voices of the chief priests prevailed.
For the death that he died, he died to sin one time; but the life that he lives, he lives to God.
Where are you going, Dad?
Pythian Odes
PYRRHUS OF EPEIRUS
and then fell away, it is impossible to renew them again to repentance; seeing they crucify the Son of God for themselves again, and put him to open shame.
A certain ruler asked him, saying, Good Teacher, what shall I do to inherit eternal life?
This agrees with the words of the prophets. As it is written,
The man loves the house.
God worked special miracles by the hands of Paul,
Some men's sins are evident, preceding them to judgment, and some also follow later.
ANTIOCHUS
Or is God the God of Jews only? Isn't he the God of Gentiles also? Yes, of Gentiles also,
How then will they call on him in whom they have not believed? How will they believe in him whom they have not heard? How will they hear without a preacher?
But they were terrified and filled with fear, and supposed that they had seen a spirit.
When they bring you before the synagogues, the rulers, and the authorities, don't be anxious how or what you will answer, or what you will say;
They said, 'The Lord needs it. '
For both he who sanctifies and those who are sanctified are all from one, for which cause he is not ashamed to call them brothers,
of which I was made a servant, according to the stewardship of God which was given me toward you, to fulfill the word of God,
They came to a place called Golgotha, that is to say, The place of a skull.
There are various kinds of service, and the same Lord.
When this letter has been read among you, cause it to be read also in the assembly of the Laodiceans; and that you also read the letter from Laodicea.
Part 41 When pus formed anywhere in the body does not point, this is owing to the thickness of the part.
he left Judea, and departed into Galilee.
by which will we have been sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.
But before faith came, we were kept in custody under the law, shut up to the faith which should afterwards be revealed.
Consider, then, whether it is better to go forward against these men with arms advanced, or with arms reversed to behold the enemy coming upon us from behind.
For every kind of animal, bird, creeping thing, and thing in the sea, is tamed, and has been tamed by mankind.
For you both had compassion on me in my chains, and joyfully accepted the plundering of your possessions, knowing that you have for yourselves a better possession and an enduring one in the heavens.
What am I saying then? That a thing sacrificed to idols is anything, or that an idol is anything?
But he who endures to the end, the same will be saved.
Jesus said to him, Receive your sight. Your faith has healed you.
A certain man was there, who had been sick for thirty-eight years.
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the assemblies.
And above all things be earnest in your love among yourselves, for love covers a multitude of sins.
that, according as it is written, He who boasts, let him boast in the Lord.
Now as soon as it was day, there was no small stir among the soldiers about what had become of Peter.
The temples and religious services were open to maidens and youths alike.
What, then, said Xenophon, should you be able, in case we came, to give to the rank and file, to the captains, and to the generals? Tell us, so that these men here may carry back word.
He said to all, If anyone desires to come after me, let him deny himself, take up his cross, and follow me.
He works in the fields.
In the meanwhile, the disciples urged him, saying, Rabbi, eat.
Therefore my heart was glad, and my tongue rejoiced. Moreover my flesh also will dwell in hope;
When the Spartans accused the Thebans of a long list of serious offences, he retorted, These Thebans, however, have put a stop to your brevity of speech !
Let no one rob you of your prize by a voluntary humility and worshipping of the angels, dwelling in the things which he has not seen, vainly puffed up by his fleshly mind,
For the gifts and the calling of God are irrevocable.
the son of Melchi, the son of Addi, the son of Cosam, the son of Elmodam, the son of Er,
The one thing I know is that I know nothing.
They said to him, 'Lord, he has ten minas!'
Sleep tight.
Blessed are the peacemakers, For they shall be called sons of God.
But if any man seems to be contentious, we have no such custom, neither do God's assemblies.
John, calling to himself two of his disciples, sent them to Jesus, saying, Are you the one who is coming, or should we look for another?
to those who by patience in well-doing seek for glory and honor and incorruptibility, eternal life;
But Thomas, one of the twelve, called Didymus, wasn't with them when Jesus came.
But I tell you that it will be more tolerable for the land of Sodom, on the day of judgment, than for you.
Rejoice in the Lord always! Again I will say, Rejoice!
The Jews therefore sought him at the feast, and said, Where is he?
But you watch. Behold, I have told you all things beforehand.
I don't trust her.
Thοu seest the giver of fire to mortals.
They will tell you, 'Look, here!' or 'Look, there!' Don't go away, nor follow after them,
By faith, they passed through the Red sea as on dry land. When the Egyptians tried to do so, they were swallowed up.
When the voice came, Jesus was found alone. They were silent, and told no one in those days any of the things which they had seen.
Setting sail therefore from Troas, we made a straight course to Samothrace, and the day following to Neapolis;
Now when they heard of the resurrection of the dead, some mocked; but others said, We want to hear you yet again concerning this.
But now that you have come to know God, or rather to be known by God, why do you turn back again to the weak and miserable elements, to which you desire to be in bondage all over again?
I therefore run like that, as not uncertainly. I fight like that, as not beating the air,
Very early on the first day of the week, they came to the tomb when the sun had risen.
But if you dismiss us with a refusal, where, bethink you, could you ever again secure so large a force to help fight your battles?
He came and took her by the hand, and raised her up. The fever left her, and she served them.
I am afraid for you, that I might have wasted my labor for you.
Satan entered into Judas, who was surnamed Iscariot, who was numbered with the twelve.
Have we no right to take along a wife who is a believer, even as the rest of the apostles, and the brothers of the Lord, and Cephas?
instructing us to the intent that, denying ungodliness and worldly lusts, we would live soberly, righteously, and godly in this present world;
THEARIDAS
He brought them up into his house, and set food before them, and rejoiced greatly, with all his household, having believed in God.
for he sees himself, and goes away, and immediately forgets what kind of man he was.
that spoken word you yourselves know, which was proclaimed throughout all Judea, beginning from Galilee, after the baptism which John preached;
However Festus answered that Paul was kept in custody at Caesarea, and that he himself was about to depart shortly.
When the king puts them to death, he does not leave the sons alive either, but kills all the males of the family; the females he does not harm.
As he was on his way thither, first he was joined by two hundred horsemen belonging to the Agrigentines who dwelt about Ecnomum, and then by men of Gela.
Then Jesus said to them, Don't be afraid. Go tell my brothers that they should go into Galilee, and there they will see me.
The march was prompted by the notion that the Lacedaemonians were at a loss how to effect their passage, and also by suspicions of an attempt to overthrow the democracy.
But he who does wrong will receive again for the wrong that he has done, and there is no partiality.
But the contrary came to pass, as I have written fully in my Life of Caesar.
For to this end was the gospel preached even to the dead, that they might be judged indeed as men in the flesh, but live as to God in the spirit.
But though I am unskilled in speech, yet I am not unskilled in knowledge. No, in every way we have been revealed to you in all things.
nor by the earth, for it is the footstool of his feet; nor by Jerusalem, for it is the city of the great King.
Most assuredly I tell you, you shall by no means get out of there, until you have paid the last penny.
They took counsel together that they might take Jesus by deceit, and kill him.
Joseph took the body, and wrapped it in a clean linen cloth,
They also, if they don't continue in their unbelief, will be grafted in, for God is able to graft them in again.
But may the God of all grace (who called you to his eternal glory by Christ Jesus), after you have suffered a while, perfect, establish, strengthen, and settle you.
At the same time, too, the physicians examined the wound of Sosis and discovered that it had been made by razure rather than by a downright blow.
Those who belong to Christ have crucified the flesh with its passions and lusts.
The Aeginetan ships found the Athenians in disarray and attacked and overcame them, taking four Athenian ships and their crews.
And it is said that before this, also, in a procession at some festival, a golden Victory belonging to Cassius, which was being borne along, fell to the ground, its bearer having slipped.
The whole city was filled with confusion, and they rushed with one accord into the theater, having seized Gaius and Aristarchus, men of Macedonia, Paul's companions in travel.
When his disciples heard this, they came and took up his corpse, and laid it in a tomb.
LAMACHUS
He who swears by the temple, swears by it, and by him who is living in it.
Having eyes, don't you see? Having ears, don't you hear? Don't you remember?
even as I also please all men in all things, not seeking my own profit, but the profit of the many, that they may be saved.
When the goddess had so spoken, she soared up to windy heaven.
For the Kingdom of Heaven is like a man who was the master of a household, who went out early in the morning to hire laborers for his vineyard.
A man who caught another in adultery with an ugly woman said, Puir soul! what was yer muckle need?
Because by the works of the law, no flesh will be justified in his sight. For through the law comes the knowledge of sin.
There were also some Acarnanians paid to serve, although they came chiefly for love of Demosthenes and out of goodwill to the Athenians whose allies they were. These all lived on the Hellenic side of the Ionian gulf.
Being warned in a dream that they shouldn't return to Herod, they went back to their own country another way.
The crow is black.
I live in Ethiopia.
He said to them, Thus it is written, and thus it was necessary for the Christ to suffer and to rise from the dead the third day,
I remembered the word of the Lord, how he said, 'John indeed baptized in water, but you will be baptized in the Holy Spirit. '
I see the sky.
For this cause also the multitude went and met him, because they heard that he had done this sign.
For it is by a resolution of goodwill that the altar of immortality has been erected.
When she has found it, she calls together her friends and neighbors, saying, 'Rejoice with me, for I have found the drachma which I had lost. '
I don't trust him.
So the herald went to carry this message to Darius; but the Scythian kings were filled with anger when they heard the word “slavery”.
They fast before the sacrifice, and while it is burning, they all make lamentation; and when their lamentation is over, they set out a meal of what is left of the victim.
Therefore I beg you to confirm your love toward him.
Chorus For you, old friend, I weep and mourn, for the children too and that victorious chief.
And they saw the new heaven and new earth.
Behold, your house is left to you desolate.
traitors, headstrong, conceited, lovers of pleasure rather than lovers of God;
Being nimble and swift of foot, he was urged by his father to run in the foot-race at the Olympic games. Yes, I would run, said he, if I were to have kings as competitors.
Chapter 9. DIOGENES OF APOLLONIA
But Saul, still breathing threats and slaughter against the disciples of the Lord, went to the high priest,
Agis the king said that the Spartans do not ask how many are the enemy, but where are they.
What are you saying?
As you know how we exhorted, comforted, and implored every one of you, as a father does his own children,
because that which is known of God is revealed in them, for God revealed it to them.
Now in the place where he was crucified there was a garden. In the garden a new tomb in which no man had ever yet been laid.
When they had preached the gospel to that city, and had made many disciples, they returned to Lystra, Iconium, and Antioch,
He looked up, and saw the rich people who were putting their gifts into the treasury.
he is conceited, knowing nothing, but obsessed with arguments, disputes, and word battles, from which come envy, strife, reviling, evil suspicions,
What the Samians had done was the beginning of a close friendship between them and the men of Cyrene and Thera.
Now the only sure basis of an alliance is for each party to be equally afraid of the other: he who would like to encroach is then deterred by the reflection that he will not have odds in his favour.
How do we hear, everyone in our own native language?
Now I would not have you ignorant, brothers, that our fathers were all under the cloud, and all passed through the sea;
This voice we heard come out of heaven when we were with him in the holy mountain.
Chorus Our lords have ere this done all they could; on every altar streams the blood of abundant sacrifice; yet our sorrows find no cure.
He went out, and followed him. He didn't know that what was done by the angel was real, but thought he saw a vision.
Greet Herodion, my kinsman. Greet them of the household of Narcissus, who are in the Lord.
The children of your chosen sister greet you. Amen.
I will be to you a Father. You will be to me sons and daughters,'says the Lord Almighty.
He answered, 'Lord, leave it alone this year also, until I dig around it, and fertilize it.
Luke, the beloved physician, and Demas greet you.
Chapter 1. THALES (floruit circa 585 B. C. , the date of the eclipse)
He stood over her, and rebuked the fever; and it left her. Immediately she rose up and served them.
Be at peace, since I have changed my mind about marching against Hellas. ”
Well, when I want to make bailiffs of such men, of course I teach them also to be careful. Pray how do you do that?
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the assemblies.
named by God a high priest after the order of Melchizedek.
If any man have an ear, let him hear.
When they had eaten enough, they lightened the ship, throwing out the wheat into the sea.
and they shall bring the glory and the honor of the nations into it so that they may enter.
They said therefore to him, What then do you do for a sign, that we may see, and believe you? What work do you do?
Then he said to them, My soul is exceedingly sorrowful, even to death. Stay here, and watch with me.
It happened when Jesus had finished these words, he departed from Galilee, and came into the borders of Judea beyond the Jordan.
If therefore the uncircumcised keep the ordinances of the law, won't his uncircumcision be accounted as circumcision?
Whoever listens to you listens to me, and whoever rejects you rejects me. Whoever rejects me rejects him who sent me.
In those days, John the Baptizer came, preaching in the wilderness of Judea, saying,
For, as a matter of fact, Gelon seems to have made a city under absolute rule a very fair thing to look upon, but Dionysius a very shameful thing.
But the things which proceed out of the mouth come out of the heart, and they defile the man.
COMPARISON OF NICIAS AND CRASSUS
CRASSUS
Now you are the body of Christ, and members individually.
May you die!
They spat on him, and took the reed and struck him on the head.
When therefore you assemble yourselves together, it is not possible to eat the Lord's supper.
One of the multitude answered, Teacher, I brought to you my son, who has a mute spirit;
And their prayer is that the gods give them fair and honourable requital for their good deeds, and that is all.
and to make all men see what is the administration of the mystery which for ages has been hidden in God, who created all things through Jesus Christ;
In the same way, you also rejoice, and rejoice with me.
Philip answered him, Two hundred denarii worth of bread is not sufficient for them, that everyone of them may receive a little.
John testified, saying, I have seen the Spirit descending like a dove out of heaven, and it remained on him.
With great power, the apostles gave their testimony of the resurrection of the Lord Jesus. Great grace was on them all.
Tarquinius bought three books from the Sibyl at the price previously asked for the nine.
Matthew; Thomas; James, the son of Alphaeus; Simon, who was called the Zealot;
and ran around that whole region, and began to bring those who were sick, on their mats, to where they heard he was.
When they had done this, they caught a great multitude of fish, and their net was breaking.
This much is certain: that this opinion, which is held by all Greeks and particularly by the Lacedaemonians, is of foreign origin. It is inCorinththat artisans are held in least contempt.
Levi made a great feast for him in his house. There was a great crowd of tax collectors and others who were reclining with them.
Jesus, full of the Holy Spirit, returned from the Jordan, and was led by the Spirit into the wilderness
On the next day they continued their march without a guide, while the enemy, by fighting and by seizing positions in advance wherever the road was narrow, tried to prevent their passage.
He summoned the multitude, and said to them, Hear, and understand.
All this abundance of gold, from which the Indians send the aforementioned gold-dust to the king, they obtain in the following way.
Where is the horse?
But we beg you, brothers, to know those who labor among you, and are over you in the Lord, and admonish you,
They reasoned among themselves, saying, We brought no bread.
This was the first enrollment made when Quirinius was governor of Syria.
Take that which is yours, and go your way. It is my desire to give to this last just as much as to you.
but when they came to Jesus, and saw that he was already dead, they didn't break his legs.
besides, he wished men to see that he was superior to Heracleides, not so much in power and wisdom, as in goodness and justice; for therein lay real superiority;
The Jews therefore said to him, You are not yet fifty years old, and have you seen Abraham?
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with you all. Amen.
What do I see?
But he said to them, I AM. Don't be afraid.
Yet no one spoke openly of him for fear of the Jews.
Don't think that I came to destroy the law or the prophets. I didn't come to destroy, but to fulfill.
Every man who saw it would get hot to be a warrior.
Who, when he was reviled, didn't revile back. When he suffered, didn't threaten, but committed himself to him who judges righteously;
Part 60 When in fevers there is deafness, if blood run from the nostrils, or the bowels become disordered, it carries off the disease.
Everyone who has this hope set on him purifies himself, even as he is pure.
From that moment, instead of the debt of revenge which violence must entail, his adversary owes a debt of generosity to be paid in kind, and is inclined by honor to stand to his agreement.
But the woman, fearing and trembling, knowing what had been done to her, came and fell down before him, and told him all the truth.
Observing that his son was fighting impetuously against the Athenians, he said, Either add to your strength, or subtract from your courage.
Greet all of your leaders and all the saints. The Italians greet you.
He who overcomes, I will give him these things. I will be his God, and he will be my son.
PUBLIUS LICINIUS
He bade his soldiers eat their breakfast as if they were to eat their dinner in the other world.
I should like very much to hear the name, who is so skilled in talking?
They entered in, and didn't find the Lord Jesus' body.
But when the Pharisees heard it, they said, This man does not cast out demons, except by Beelzebul, the prince of the demons.
Jesus answered them, Be careful that no one leads you astray.
But blessed are your eyes, for they see; and your ears, for they hear.
For we don't stretch ourselves too much, as though we didn't reach to you. For we came even as far as to you with the gospel of Christ,
Noah preached repentance and those who obeyed were saved.
for by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God,
Give, and it will be given to you: good measure, pressed down, shaken together, and running over, will be given to you. For with the same measure you measure it will be measured back to you.
I see the river.
Tom is looking for the rope.
For in pouring this ointment on my body, she did it to prepare me for burial.
My own view is, that we should give orders to the soldiers to get their breakfast while we ourselves consider whether it is best to attempt to cross over the mountain today or to-morrow.
Which things indeed appear like wisdom in self-imposed worship, and humility, and severity to the body; but aren't of any value against the indulgence of the flesh.
I fancy, too, that infantry attached to the cavalry will be most effective if it consists of persons who are very bitter against the enemy. All these things are feasible provided the gods give their consent.
saying, 'Don't be afraid, Paul. You must stand before Caesar. Behold, God has granted you all those who sail with you. '
and that repentance and remission of sins should be preached in his name to all the nations, beginning at Jerusalem.
As he talked with him, he went in and found many gathered together.
Even to this present hour we hunger, thirst, are naked, are beaten, and have no certain dwelling place.
If you call on him as Father, who without respect of persons judges according to each man's work, pass the time of your living as strangers here in reverent fear:
An eagle snatched a lance from one of his body-guards, carried it aloft, and then let it drop into the sea.
Leave them alone. They are blind guides of the blind. If the blind guide the blind, both will fall into a pit.
But he began to curse, and to swear, I don't know this man of whom you speak!
But the Scriptures shut up all things under sin, that the promise by faith in Jesus Christ might be given to those who believe.
Jesus said to them, Fill the water pots with water. They filled them up to the brim.
They accordingly stood up and divided; and those who held that the treaty had been broken were in a decided majority.
But as for Dionysius, after his arrival at Corinth there was no Greek who did not long to behold and speak to him.
My God will supply every need of yours according to his riches in glory in Christ Jesus.
He drove them from the judgment seat.
Therefore I endure all things for the elect's sake, that they also may obtain the salvation which is in Christ Jesus with eternal glory.
You are already pruned clean because of the word which I have spoken to you.
BOOK II
Thestorides, full many things there are that mortals cannot sound; but there is nothing more unfathomable than the heart of man.
Barnabas and Saul returned to Jerusalem, when they had fulfilled their service, also taking with them John whose surname was Mark.
For the law appoints men as high priests who have weakness, but the word of the oath which came after the law appoints a Son forever who has been perfected.
Many believed in him there.
and by you to pass into Macedonia, and again from Macedonia to come to you, and to be sent forward by you on my journey to Judea.
For he who was called in the Lord being a bondservant is the Lord's free man. Likewise he who was called being free is Christ's bondservant.
We have an altar from which those who serve the holy tabernacle have no right to eat.
the baptism of John, was it from heaven, or from men?
I tell you that even so there will be more joy in heaven over one sinner who repents, than over ninety-nine righteous people who need no repentance.
and with all deception of wickedness for those who are being lost, because they didn't receive the love of the truth, that they might be saved.
Seeing you have purified your souls in your obedience to the truth through the Spirit in sincere brotherly affection, love one another from the heart fervently:
But Peter said to him, Although all will be offended, yet I will not.
us, whom he also called, not from the Jews only, but also from the Gentiles?
knowing that such a one is perverted, and sins, being self-condemned.
But thanks be to God, who gives us the victory through our Lord Jesus Christ.
When his friends were indignant because the people of the Peloponnesus hissed him at the Olympic games, although they had been treated well, he said, Well, what if they should be treated ill!
holding up the word of life; that I may have something to boast in the day of Christ, that I didn't run in vain nor labor in vain.
But the days will come when the bridegroom will be taken away from them. Then they will fast in those days.
When the men had come to him, they said, John the Baptizer has sent us to you, saying, 'Are you he who comes, or should we look for another? '
Caesar caught the handle of the dagger and cried out loudly in Latin: Impious Casca, what doest thou? Then Casca, addressing his brother in Greek, bade him come to his aid.
If you were of the world, the world would love its own. But because you are not of the world, since I chose you out of the world, therefore the world hates you.
Immediately he made his disciples get into the boat, and to go ahead to the other side, to Bethsaida, while he himself sent the multitude away.
Beloved, if God loved us in this way, we also ought to love one another.
This is my covenant to them, When I will take away their sins.
When evening had come, the lord of the vineyard said to his steward, 'Call the laborers and pay them their wages, beginning from the last to the first. '
To Apollo
You have heard, seen, suffered.
Therefore you testify to yourselves that you are sons of those who killed the prophets.
With it we bless our God and Father, and with it we curse men, who are made in the image of God.
Part 7Another: -Sprinkle (on the sore? ) lead finely triturated with the recrement of copper; and sprinkle on it, also, the shavings of lotus, and the scales of copper, and alum, and chalcitis, with copper, both alone, and with the shavings of lotus. And other-wise, when it is wanted to use these in a dry state, do it with the Illyrian spodos triturated with the shavings, and with the shavings alone. And the flowers of silver alone, in the finest powder; and birthwort, when scraped and finely pounded, may be sprinkled on the part. Another, for bloody sores myrrh, frankincense, galls, verdigris the roasted flower of copper, Egyptian alum roasted, vine flowers, grease of wool, plumbago, each of these things is to be diluted, in equal proportions, with wine like the former. And there is another preparation of the same: -The strongest vinegar of a white color, honey, Egyptian alum, the finest natron; having toasted these things gently, pour in a little gall; this cleanses fungous ulcers, renders them hollow, and is not pungent. Another: -The herb with the small leaves, which gets the name of Parthenium parviflorum, and is used for removing thymia (warts? ) from the glans penis, alum, chalcitis, a little crude Melian alum (? ); sprinkle a little dried elaterium, and a little dried pomegranate rind in like manner.
Embarking in a ship of Adramyttium, which was about to sail to places on the coast of Asia, we put to sea; Aristarchus, a Macedonian of Thessalonica, being with us.
And on learning that the territory which they controlled was being ravaged by the Corinthians, they were furious, and straightway marched against them under the command of Hasdrubal and Hamilcar.
When they had brought them, they set them before the council. The high priest questioned them,
Give me somewhere to stand and I will move the earth.
Yes, I beg you that I may not, when present, show courage with the confidence with which I intend to be bold against some, who consider us to be walking according to the flesh.
This testimony is true. For this cause, reprove them sharply, that they may be sound in the faith,
Part 18 Convulsion or delirium supervening upon insomnolency is bad.
When someone inquired how many Spartans there were in all, he said, Enough to keep away our enemies.
So the Carthaginians sent twenty triremes to Rhegium, on board of which were envoys from Hicetas to Timoleon carrying proposals which conformed to his proceedings.
Give diligence to present yourself approved by God, a workman who doesn't need to be ashamed, properly handling the Word of Truth.
But the officers who came didn't find them in the prison. They returned and reported,
There came to him Sadducees, who say that there is no resurrection. They asked him, saying,
The people were waiting for Zacharias, and they marveled that he delayed in the temple.
One said to him, Behold, your mother and your brothers stand outside, seeking to speak to you.
Then the proconsul, when he saw what was done, believed, being astonished at the teaching of the Lord.
For whoever is not against us is on our side.
But I desire to have you to be free from cares. He who is unmarried is concerned for the things of the Lord, how he may please the Lord;
Behold, a leper came to him and worshiped him, saying, Lord, if you want to, you can make me clean.
What I tell you in the darkness, speak in the light; and what you hear whispered in the ear, proclaim on the housetops.
Immediately Jesus, perceiving in his spirit that they so reasoned within themselves, said to them, Why do you reason these things in your hearts?
and sent messengers before his face. They went, and entered into a village of the Samaritans, so as to prepare for him.
PELOPIDAS
Jesus answered them, Render to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's. They marveled greatly at him.
It happened, while they were there, that the day had come that she should give birth.
They had hair like women's hair, and their teeth were like those of lions.
Then Herod secretly called the wise men, and learned from them exactly what time the star appeared.
Keep yourselves in the love of God, looking for the mercy of our Lord Jesus Christ to eternal life.
Then the commanding officer came near, arrested him, commanded him to be bound with two chains, and inquired who he was and what he had done.
and be found in him, not having a righteousness of my own, that which is of the law, but that which is through faith in Christ, the righteousness which is from God by faith;
A reed like a rod was given to me. Someone said, Rise, and measure God's temple, and the altar, and those who worship in it.
yet he has no root in himself, but endures for a while. When oppression or persecution arises because of the word, immediately he stumbles.
They went out from there, and passed through Galilee. He didn't want anyone to know it.
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through Isaiah the prophet, saying,
If it is appropriate for me to go also, they will go with me.
While I am in the world, I am the light of the world.
For even as we have many members in one body, and all the members don't have the same function,
And when they brought back word that it was, he called together the generals of both infantry and cavalry and spoke as follows:
The land inhabited by the Euhesperitae is also good; it yields at the most a hundredfold; but the land of the Cinyps region yields three hundredfold.
Then the Pharisees went and took counsel how they might entrap him in his talk.
Strive to enter in by the narrow door, for many, I tell you, will seek to enter in, and will not be able.
The high priest can deal gently with those who are ignorant and going astray, because he himself is also surrounded with weakness.
For those who live according to the flesh set their minds on the things of the flesh, but those who live according to the Spirit, the things of the Spirit.
Echetla is a Sicilian city.
THEOPOMPUS
The house is small.
For there is an annulling of a foregoing commandment because of its weakness and uselessness
Now there were six water pots of stone set there after the Jews' manner of purifying, containing two or three metretes apiece.
Part 19 Such parts as have been congealed should be heated, except where there either is a hemorrhage, or one is expected.
Then the Kingdom of Heaven will be like ten virgins, who took their lamps, and went out to meet the bridegroom.
As you sent me into the world, even so I have sent them into the world.
Let brotherly love continue.
It was the third hour, and they crucified him.
Then again he laid his hands on his eyes. He looked intently, and was restored, and saw everyone clearly.
He said that the best physician was the man who did not allow his patients to rot, but buried them quickly.
but he who denies me in the presence of men will be denied in the presence of the angels of God.
Now at the feast the governor was accustomed to release to the multitude one prisoner, whom they desired.
Part 30 Diseases attended with paroxysms, if at the same hour that the fever leaves it return again next day, are of difficult crisis.
Don't rebuke an older man, but exhort him as a father; the younger men as brothers;
which are a shadow of the things to come; but the body is Christ's.
that we may no longer be children, tossed back and forth and carried about with every wind of doctrine, by the trickery of men, in craftiness, after the wiles of error;
For he of whom these things are said belongs to another tribe, from which no one has officiated at the altar.
(for when Gentiles who don't have the law do by nature the things of the law, these, not having the law, are a law to themselves,
Part 48 Strangury and dysuria are cured by drinking pure wine, and venesection; open the vein on the inside.
saying, What do you think of the Christ? Whose son is he? They said to him, Of David.
Then they secretly induced men who said, We have heard him speak blasphemous words against Moses and God.
So we urged Titus, that as he made a beginning before, so he would also complete in you this grace.
But the fruit of the Spirit is love, joy, peace, patience, kindness, goodness, faithfulness,
and not holding firmly to the Head, from whom all the body, being supplied and knit together through the joints and ligaments, grows with God's growth.
For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom. There will be earthquakes in various places. There will be famines and troubles. These things are the beginning of birth pains.
Chorus He burned to ashes Lerna’s murderous hound, the many-headed water-snake, and smeared its venom on his darts, with which he slew the shepherd of Erytheia, a monster with three bodies.
that it may be well with you, and you may live long on the earth.
For how do you know, wife, whether you will save your husband? Or how do you know, husband, whether you will save your wife?
After these things, Jesus was walking in Galilee, for he wouldn't walk in Judea, because the Jews sought to kill him.
Meanwhile the Athenians in Egypt and their allies were still there, and encountered all the vicissitudes of war.
for it was very big. Looking up, they saw that the stone was rolled back.
Brothers and fathers, listen to the defense which I now make to you.
Whereas you don't know what your life will be like tomorrow. For what is your life? For you are a vapor, that appears for a little time, and then vanishes away.
When the Corinthian preparations were completed they took three days' provisions, and put out from Chimerium by night, ready for action.
If a house is divided against itself, that house cannot stand.
and saying, Lord, my servant lies in the house paralyzed, grievously tormented.
A Spartan woman who was being sold as a slave, when asked what she knew how to do, said, To be faithful.
For Christ hasn't entered into holy places made with hands, which are representations of the true, but into heaven itself, now to appear in the presence of God for us;
For as many as are led by the Spirit of God, these are children of God.
Or if he asks for an egg, he won't give him a scorpion, will he?
The cows are in danger.
The Pharisees and Sadducees came, and testing him, asked him to show them a sign from heaven.
But Jesus took him by the hand, and raised him up; and he arose.
He said to them, When you pray, say, 'Our Father in heaven, May your name be kept holy. May your kingdom come. May your will be done on Earth, as it is in heaven.
He said that the venturesome and great deeds of daring call for action and not for thought.
The loaf is small.
For all the prophets and the law prophesied until John.
Woe to them! For they went in the way of Cain, and ran riotously in the error of Balaam for hire, and perished in Korah's rebellion.
They sought again to seize him, and he went out of their hand.
In this it was, after all, not clear whether the sufferers had been punished unjustly, while in any case the rest of the city received immediate and manifest relief.
You are all sons of light, and sons of the day. We don't belong to the night, nor to darkness,
Freedom is not on guard against a spy.
Even so you also, when you see these things happening, know that the Kingdom of God is near.
Part 16 Hellebore is dangerous to persons whose flesh is sound, for it induces convulsion.
Antipater said that he had two good friends at Athens; and of the two he had never persuaded Phocion to accept a gift, nor ever sated Demades by giving.
For you see your calling, brothers, that not many are wise according to the flesh, not many mighty, and not many noble;
SOUS
The women also were very earnest in his behalf,
I press on toward the goal for the prize of the high calling of God in Christ Jesus.
But it is easier for heaven and earth to pass away, than for one tiny stroke of a pen in the law to fall.
Let us rise, go out here into the court, and pass the time walking about there; then let us go.
AEMILIUS PAULUS
Do you deny that you have done this?
Why the male member is so large and is the only part of the body that moves, there is a sacred legend that explains.
Watch! Stand firm in the faith! Be courageous! Be strong!
It happened about eight days after these sayings, that he took with him Peter, John, and James, and went up onto the mountain to pray.
but when that which is complete has come, then that which is partial will be done away with.
And Seuthes himself got up, raised a war-cry, and sprang aside very nimbly, as though avoiding a missile. There entered also a company of buffoons.
For be assured of this whichever end you bring to pass, to your children and house does it remain to make full payment. Consider these just ordinances of God.
Jesus entered into the temple of God, and drove out all of those who sold and bought in the temple, and overthrew the money-changers' tables and the seats of those who sold the doves.
Let patience have its perfect work, that you may be perfect and complete, lacking in nothing.
An evil and adulterous generation seeks after a sign, and there will be no sign given to it, except the sign of the prophet Jonah. He left them, and departed.
who was faithful to him who appointed him, as also was Moses in all his house.
to whom they all listened, from the least to the greatest, saying, This man is that great power of God.
Part 62 When jaundice supervenes in fevers before the seventh day, it a bad symptom, unless there be watery discharges from the bowels.
Paul's Letter to the Ephesians
Wherefore Brutus relied not so much on his armies as on his virtuous cause, as is clear from his letters.
But Jesus, perceiving their thoughts, answered them, Why are you reasoning so in your hearts?
He said to them, It isn't for you to know times or seasons which the Father has set within His own authority.
So Alcibiades, who was in disfavour with the army as well, took a trireme and sailed away to his castle in the Chersonese.
Neither let us commit sexual immorality, as some of them committed, and in one day twenty-three thousand fell.
These we ought to imitate, instead of being led on by cleverness and intellectual rivalry to advise your people against our real opinions.
Because, knowing God, they didn't glorify him as God, neither gave thanks, but became vain in their reasoning, and their senseless heart was darkened.
Suddenly looking around, they saw no one with them any more, except Jesus only.
So do, and you will act as we have a right to expect of you, and at the same time best consult your own interest.
If you only greet your friends, what more do you do than others? Don't even the tax collectors do the same?
An unjust trial differs from an unjust punishment only in name.
where there can't be Greek and Jew, circumcision and uncircumcision, barbarian, Scythian, bondservant, freeman; but Christ is all, and in all.
Those who had taken Jesus led him away to Caiaphas the high priest, where the scribes and the elders were gathered together.
It is fit neither for the soil nor for the manure pile. It is thrown out. He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
that you also be in subjection to such, and to everyone who helps in the work and labors.
Part 30 A young man does not take the gout until he indulges in coition.
ARTAXERXES
He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood has eternal life, and I will raise him up at the last day.
For our citizenship is in heaven, from where we also wait for a Savior, the Lord Jesus Christ;
These words seemed to them to be nonsense, and they didn't believe them.
Beloved, don't be astonished at the fiery trial which has come upon you, to test you, as though a strange thing happened to you.
Very well!
Many also of those who had believed came, confessing, and declaring their deeds.
James and John, the sons of Zebedee, came near to him, saying, Teacher, we want you to do for us whatever we will ask.
and will cut him in pieces, and appoint his portion with the hypocrites; there is where the weeping and grinding of teeth will be.
His lord was angry, and delivered him to the tormentors, until he should pay all that was due to him.
Whereas before I had no pretext on which to give an account of my life, now I have got one.
So then as through one trespass, all men were condemned; even so through one act of righteousness, all men were justified to life.
This was all that the priests told of her, except that when she had done this she cast herself into a chamber full of hot ashes, to escape vengeance.
When someone else said, They are near to us, he said, Then we also are near to them.
All the multitudes that came together to see this, when they saw the things that were done, returned home beating their breasts.
Am I to fail of your fate?
But why dwell on the past? At this day there are many men in the mines let out in this way.
Chorus That the mighty race of our honorable mother may escape the embrace of man (ah me), unwedded, unvanquished.
Now may the Lord of peace himself give you peace at all times in all ways. The Lord be with you all.
You worship that which you don't know. We worship that which we know; for salvation is from the Jews.
What if God, willing to show his wrath, and to make his power known, endured with much patience vessels of wrath made for destruction,
He will set the sheep on his right hand, but the goats on the left.
This Megabazus, left now as commander in the country, subjugated all the people of the Hellespont who did not take the side of the Persians.
Pilate said to them, You have a guard. Go, make it as secure as you can.
First the Athenians besieged and captured Eion on the Strymon from the Medes, and made slaves of the inhabitants, being under the command of Cimon, son of Miltiades.
Psammis reigned overEgyptfor only six years; he invadedEthiopia , and immediately thereafter died, and Apries the son of Psammis reigned in his place.
Now a certain man was sick, Lazarus from Bethany, of the village of Mary and her sister, Martha.
Which of you by being anxious can add a cubit to his height?
Write therefore the things which you have seen, and the things which are, and the things which will happen hereafter;
Dion also received many injunctions from his wife and sister, that he should beg Plato to listen to Dionysius and not afford him an excuse for further severity.
even as he chose us in him before the foundation of the world, that we would be holy and without blemish before him in love;
After he had taken leave of them, he went up the mountain to pray.
For in an hour such great riches are made desolate. ' Every shipmaster, and everyone who sails anywhere, and mariners, and as many as gain their living by sea, stood far away,
Part 31 Pains of the eyes are removed by drinking pure wine, or the bath, or a fomentation, or venesection, or purging.
Pray without ceasing.
But his citizens hated him, and sent an envoy after him, saying, 'We don't want this man to reign over us. '
Let's not become conceited, provoking one another, and envying one another.
But we will continue steadfastly in prayer and in the ministry of the word.
This disorder threw the legions out of line and touch with one another, and first that of Messala, then those that had been drawn up with it, went beyond the left wing of Octavius;
See that you don't refuse him who speaks. For if they didn't escape when they refused him who warned on the Earth, how much more will we not escape who turn away from him who warns from heaven,
He lifted up his eyes to his disciples, and said, Blessed are you poor, For yours is the Kingdom of God.
Publius Licinius, for example, who was the first that invaded Macedonia, he routed in a cavalry battle, slew twenty-five hundred good men, and took six hundred prisoners besides;
Forasmuch then as Christ suffered for us in the flesh, arm yourselves also with the same mind; for he who has suffered in the flesh has ceased from sin;
Uzziah became the father of Jotham. Jotham became the father of Ahaz. Ahaz became the father of Hezekiah.
When they were about to cross over from Asia, Brutus is said to have had a great sign.
This greeting is by me, Paul, with my own hand.
But this you have, that you hate the works of the Nicolaitans, which I also hate.
And presently both Dion and his wife and sister began to suspect what was going on, and information of the plot came to them from every quarter.
It was now night, and the Corcyraeans feared that they might be hostile vessels; but they soon knew them, and the ships came to anchor.
I'm afraid yοu need a whipping.
When the Persians saw their king weep, they all tore the clothing which they wore and wailed loud and long.
The Black-cloaks all wear black clothing, from which they get their name; their customs are Scythian.
Summer was now over. The winter following a battle took place between the Heracleots in Trachinia and the Aenianians, Dolopians, Malians, and certain of the Thessalians,
Who is She that Kindles the Fire (hypekkaustria) among the people of Soli? This is the name which they give to the priestess of Athena because she performs certain sacrifices and ceremonies to avert evil.
Peter therefore was kept in the prison, but constant prayer was made by the assembly to God for him.
Annas the high priest was there, with Caiaphas, John, Alexander, and as many as were relatives of the high priest.
LEUCIPPUS
The multitude rebuked them, telling them that they should be quiet, but they cried out even more, Lord, have mercy on us, you son of David!
And finally, when the bier had been placed upon the funeral pyre, Demetrius, who had the loudest voice of any herald of the time, read from manuscript the following decree:
The tombs were opened, and many bodies of the saints who had fallen asleep were raised;
As they went on the way, they came to some water, and the eunuch said, Behold, here is water. What is keeping me from being baptized?
The Gospel According to John
But there were some of the scribes sitting there, and reasoning in their hearts,
Then said he to another, 'How much do you owe? ' He said, 'A hundred cors of wheat. ' He said to him, 'Take your bill, and write eighty. '
For in that he himself has suffered being tempted, he is able to help those who are tempted.
Therefore subject yourselves to every ordinance of man for the Lord's sake: whether to the king, as supreme;
Yes, we are found false witnesses of God, because we testified about God that he raised up Christ, whom he didn't raise up, if it is so that the dead are not raised.
A scribe came, and said to him, Teacher, I will follow you wherever you go.
QUESTION
He took food and was strengthened. Saul stayed several days with the disciples who were at Damascus.
A certain centurion's servant, who was dear to him, was sick and at the point of death.
CAIUS MARIUS
God spoke in this way: that his seed would live as aliens in a strange land, and that they would be enslaved and mistreated for four hundred years.
Show me the tax money. They brought to him a denarius.
Let us not be weary in doing good, for we will reap in due season, if we don't give up.
They took up twelve baskets full of broken pieces and also of the fish.
For John came neither eating nor drinking, and they say, 'He has a demon. '
Are we in danger?
A disciple is not above his teacher, but everyone when he is fully trained will be like his teacher.
THE MITHRIDATIC WARS
There's need of a fight.
For the grace of God has appeared, bringing salvation to all men,
Being assembled together with them, he charged them, Don't depart from Jerusalem, but wait for the promise of the Father, which you heard from me.
When two brothers quarrelled with each other, the Spartans fined the father because he permitted his sons to quarrel.
In his name, the Gentiles will hope.
For Dionysius must have been despised by every one of his associates, devoted as he was to wine, dice, and women;
For he will be great in the sight of the Lord, and he will drink no wine nor strong drink. He will be filled with the Holy Spirit, even from his mother's womb.
If you know these things, blessed are you if you do them.
Draw near to God, and he will draw near to you. Cleanse your hands, you sinners; and purify your hearts, you double-minded.
The same was in the beginning with God.
This I say therefore, and testify in the Lord, that you no longer walk as the rest of the Gentiles also walk, in the futility of their mind,
But he who does the truth comes to the light, that his works may be revealed, that they have been done in God.
Peter said to him, Aeneas, Jesus Christ heals you. Get up and make your bed! Immediately he arose.
But one stood up in the council, a Pharisee named Gamaliel, a teacher of the law, honored by all the people, and commanded to take the apostles out a little while.
I find then the law, that, to me, while I desire to do good, evil is present.
Thence they all hastened to the portico of Pompey and waited there, expecting that Caesar would straight-way come to the meeting of the senate.
Afterward he was revealed to the eleven themselves as they sat at the table, and he rebuked them for their unbelief and hardness of heart, because they didn't believe those who had seen him after he had risen.
He will turn many of the children of Israel to the Lord, their God.
A lion is strong.
With regard to the Thebans, they have wronged us repeatedly, and their last aggression, which has been the means of bringing us into our present position, is within your own knowledge.
For the woman that has a husband is bound by law to the husband while he lives, but if the husband dies, she is discharged from the law of the husband.
in a moment, in the twinkling of an eye, at the last trumpet. For the trumpet will sound, and the dead will be raised incorruptible, and we will be changed.
Or perhaps, when he has laid a foundation, and is not able to finish, everyone who sees begins to mock him,
If anyone therefore purges himself from these, he will be a vessel for honor, sanctified, and suitable for the master's use, prepared for every good work.
When they had mocked him, they took the robe off of him, and put his clothes on him, and led him away to crucify him.
But one has somewhere testified, saying, What is man, that you think of him? Or the son of man, that you care for him?
In the same way, that women also adorn themselves in decent clothing, with modesty and propriety; not just with braided hair, gold, pearls, or expensive clothing;
The Jews therefore marveled, saying, How does this man know letters, having never been educated?
If God has been glorified in him, God will also glorify him in himself, and he will glorify him immediately.
Now there were certain Greeks among those that went up to worship at the feast.
while he ordered the Carthaginians to see to it that Timoleon should not land in Sicily, but that he and his forces should be repulsed, and that they themselves, at their leisure, should divide the island with one another.
All the people answered, May his blood be on us, and on our children!
Hermione Ah me! ah me!Begone, thou fine-spun veil! float from my head away! Nurse Daughter, cover up thy bosom, fasten thy robe.
Amphitryon Ah me!
Paul, Silvanus, and Timothy, to the assembly of the Thessalonians in God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ: Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
He went on his way through cities and villages, teaching, and traveling on to Jerusalem.
Jesus also was invited, with his disciples, to the marriage.
Now there was a certain man in Caesarea, Cornelius by name, a centurion of what was called the Italian Regiment,
An inscription was also written over him in letters of Greek, Latin, and Hebrew: THIS IS THE KING OF THE JEWS.
I live in Athens.
He went out about the third hour, and saw others standing idle in the marketplace.
Behold, one of the rulers of the synagogue, Jairus by name, came; and seeing him, he fell at his feet,
Moreover he must have good testimony from those who are outside, to avoid falling into reproach and the snare of the devil.
having become so much better than the angels, as he has inherited a more excellent name than they have.
But they are like none of the Greeks in this: passers-by do not address each other, but salute by lowering the hand to the knee.
He who eats my flesh and drinks my blood lives in me, and I in him.
Behold, all the city came out to meet Jesus. When they saw him, they begged that he would depart from their borders.
But this multitude that doesn't know the law is accursed.
Master, remember the Athenians.
Cebes was a citizen of Thebes. Three dialogues of his are extant: The Tablet. The Seventh Day. Phrynichus.
For to this end we both labor and suffer reproach, because we have set our trust in the living God, who is the Savior of all men, especially of those who believe.
Where is the food?
Therefore, prepare your minds for action, be sober and set your hope fully on the grace that will be brought to you at the revelation of Jesus Christ
But he, because he lives forever, has his priesthood unchangeable.
What does he see?
that there should be no division in the body, but that the members should have the same care for one another.
The disciples, as anyone had plenty, each determined to send relief to the brothers who lived in Judea;
Let this occur to no one.
But the Phocaeans, very indignant at the thought of slavery, said they wanted to deliberate for a day, and then they would answer; but while they were deliberating, Harpagus must withdraw his army from the walls, they said. Harpagus said that he well knew what they intended to do, but that nevertheless he would allow them to deliberate.
But if I by the finger of God cast out demons, then the Kingdom of God has come to you.
PART 29XXIX. The lungs draw a nourishment which is the opposite of that of the body, all other parts draw the same.
Anyone who drank rather freely used to vex you.
and were all baptized into Moses in the cloud and in the sea;
This news made the Athenians more furious than ever, and they at once prepared against both towns.
For the Son of Man came to seek and to save that which was lost.
Part 21 Compression should be produced by the number of bandages, rather than by the force of the constriction.
How then would the Scriptures be fulfilled that it must be so?
not a drinker, not violent, not greedy for money, but gentle, not quarrelsome, not covetous;
I work and always labor very much.
There is therefore now no condemnation to those who are in Christ Jesus, who don't walk according to the flesh, but according to the Spirit.
This charge I commit to you, my child Timothy, according to the prophecies which led the way to you, that by them you may wage the good warfare;
Being in agony he prayed more earnestly. His sweat became like great drops of blood falling down on the ground.
Those who ate the loaves were five thousand men.
In Damascus the governor under Aretas the king guarded the city of the Damascenes desiring to arrest me.
and to know Christ's love which surpasses knowledge, that you may be filled with all the fullness of God.
But when Pilate heard Galilee mentioned, he asked if the man was a Galilean.
They will scourge and kill him. On the third day, he will rise again.
PAUSANIAS, THE SON OF CLEOMBROTUS
He said to Jesus, Lord, remember me when you come into your kingdom.
They have all turned aside. They have together become unprofitable. There is no one who does good, No, not, so much as one.
Regard the patience of our Lord as salvation; even as our beloved brother Paul also, according to the wisdom given to him, wrote to you;
But the governor answered them, Which of the two do you want me to release to you? They said, Barabbas!
Those of the Pharisees who were with him heard these things, and said to him, Are we also blind?
Being asked how he had fostered his great repute, he said, By showing contempt for death.
It was necessary therefore that the copies of the things in the heavens should be cleansed with these; but the heavenly things themselves with better sacrifices than these.
Now to him who is able to do exceedingly abundantly above all that we ask or think, according to the power that works in us,
There remains therefore a Sabbath rest for the people of God.
They answered, 'John the Baptizer,' but others say, 'Elijah,' and others, that one of the old prophets is risen again.
Come here and give it a look.
The Lord said to him, 'Take your sandals off of your feet, for the place where you stand is holy ground.
To Heracleodorus
The grace of our Lord abounded exceedingly with faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
Simon Peter said to him, Lord, not my feet only, but also my hands and my head!
And let the peace of God rule in your hearts, to which also you were called in one body; and be thankful.
Servants, be obedient to those who according to the flesh are your masters, with fear and trembling, in singleness of your heart, as to Christ;
for this would conduce to his own safety, and they, on their part, would abide more firmly by their promises regarding the Syracusans if they made a people witness to the agreements into which they entered.
the son of Cainan, the son of Arphaxad, the son of Shem, the son of Noah, the son of Lamech,
And Dion was suspected by many of being ambitious for a monarchy and dreaming of a kingdom like that in Sparta.
They said, Some say John the Baptizer, some, Elijah, and others, Jeremiah, or one of the prophets.
for I have five brothers, that he may testify to them, so they won't also come into this place of torment. '
Or have only Barnabas and I no right to not work?
that you may become blameless and harmless, children of God without blemish in the midst of a crooked and perverse generation, among whom you are seen as lights in the world,
for this, my son, was dead, and is alive again. He was lost, and is found. ' They began to celebrate.
Now the Athenians, finding that they were unable to accomplish anything by force, persuaded some of the Byzantines to betray the city.
For John the Baptizer came neither eating bread nor drinking wine, and you say, 'He has a demon. '
Then Pilate said to him, Don't you hear how many things they testify against you?
CATO THE ELDER
These could not withstand the violence of their onset, but fled, all alike losing their arms, and a thousand being left dead on the field.
As it is written, He has scattered abroad, he has given to the poor. His righteousness remains forever.
Now he is not the God of the dead, but of the living, for all are alive to him.
Coming to the disciples, he saw a great multitude around them, and scribes questioning them.
He answered them, I tell you that if these were silent, the stones would cry out.
But because I tell the truth, you don't believe me.
Pilate asked him, Are you the King of the Jews? He answered him, So you say.
The chief priests accused him of many things.
The first alliance between the king and the Lacedaemonians was now concluded immediately upon the revolt of the Milesians, by Tissaphernes and Chalcideus, and was as follows:
For Adam was first formed, then Eve.
If I send them away fasting to their home, they will faint on the way, for some of them have come a long way.
The men who held Jesus mocked him and beat him.
Meanwhile Athenagoras, the leader of the people and very powerful at that time with the masses, came forward and spoke as follows:
Jesus said to him, Today, salvation has come to this house, because he also is a son of Abraham.
for they all gave out of their abundance, but she, out of her poverty, gave all that she had to live on.
So that with good courage we say, The Lord is my helper. I will not fear. What can man do to me?
in whom the whole building, fitted together, grows into a holy temple in the Lord;
Watch, keep alert, and pray; for you don't know when the time is.
The way is long.
When the conversation at dinner once digressed to the subject of death, regarding what kind of death is the best, he said, Sudden death.
Medea (within). Ah, me! a wretched suffering woman I! O would that I could die!
As he was disposing his army for battle against the barbarians he said he feared that they did not know the name of Iphicrates with which he was wont to strike terror to the hearts of his other foes.
to speak evil of no one, not to be contentious, to be gentle, showing all humility toward all men.
How is it that you don't perceive that I didn't speak to you concerning bread? But beware of the yeast of the Pharisees and Sadducees.
But those who are considered worthy to attain to that age and the resurrection from the dead, neither marry, nor are given in marriage.
I know him, because I am from him, and he sent me.
At the same time the island seemed to lie conveniently on the coasting passage to Italy and Sicily.
First of all, then, this trust, the very thing which gained your kingdom for you, is being sold for this sum.
He took a little child, and set him in the midst of them. Taking him in his arms, he said to them,
And it is only the Athenians who, fearless of consequences, confer their benefits not from calculations of expediency, but in the confidence of liberality.
Everything flows.
Jesus answered, I told you that I AM. If therefore you seek me, let these go their way,
It was agreed accordingly in the popular assembly, that the armistice should be for one year, beginning that very day, the fourteenth of the month of Elaphebolion;
Part 38 And in whatever part of the body there is a sweat, it shows that the disease is seated there.
They said to her, There is no one among your relatives who is called by this name.
The Lord said, Simon, Simon, behold, Satan asked to have you, that he might sift you as wheat,
How then can we teach this? I think by reminding them that their earliest ancestors of whom we have any account were, as they themselves have been told, the most valiant.
Aware of this, he told them that rumors are deceptive, and should not be trusted; they should send some reputable persons from Sparta to inspect, whose report might be trusted.
For it is written that Abraham had two sons, one by the handmaid, and one by the free woman.
When he found out that he was in Herod's jurisdiction, he sent him to Herod, who was also in Jerusalem during those days.
Thus during this summer there was peace and intercourse between the two peoples.
I have yet many things to tell you, but you can't bear them now.
There was practically no Greek philosopher with whom Brutus was unacquainted or unfamiliar, but he devoted himself particularly to the disciples of Plato.
Peter answered him and said, Lord, if it is you, command me to come to you on the waters.
If anyone has an ear, let him hear.
the son of Mattathias, the son of Amos, the son of Nahum, the son of Esli, the son of Naggai,
Most assuredly, I tell you, if a person keeps my word, he will never see death.
But earnestly desire the best gifts. Moreover, I show a most excellent way to you.
Tom is safe.
Peter opened his mouth and said, Truly I perceive that God doesn't show favoritism;
PART 49XLIX. Liquid nutriment more easily changed than solid ; solid nutriment more easily changed than liquid. That which is hardly altered is hard of digestion, and that which is easily added is easy of digestion.
Now, behold, I go bound by the Spirit to Jerusalem, not knowing what will happen to me there;
When they found him on the other side of the sea, they asked him, Rabbi, when did you come here?
When the angel who spoke to him had departed, Cornelius called two of his household servants and a devout soldier of those who waited on him continually.
Now to our God and Father be the glory forever and ever! Amen.
Part 31 When there is a farinaceous sediment in the urine during fever, it indicates a protracted illness.
Whenever he brings out his own sheep, he goes before them, and the sheep follow him, for they know his voice.
You made known to me the ways of life. You will make me full of gladness with your presence. '
A Spartan being asked what he knew, said, How to be free.
When it was late in the day, his disciples came to him, and said, This place is deserted, and it is late in the day.
You will arrive at the accurately named Violent River.
Even if our gospel is veiled, it is veiled in those who perish;
Such confidence we have through Christ toward God;
Don't you yet perceive, neither remember the five loaves for the five thousand, and how many baskets you took up?
Fathers, don't provoke your children, so that they won't be discouraged.
He took part in no good thing, but in many of another sort.
But the most wonderful thing of all was that Heaven gave to both an intimation of their approaching death, by the visible appearance to each alike of an ill-boding spectre.
They were stoned. They were sawn apart. They were tempted. They were slain with the sword. They went around in sheepskins, in goatskins; being destitute, afflicted, ill-treated
Jesus withdrew to the sea with his disciples, and a great multitude followed him from Galilee, from Judea,
They said, Believe in the Lord Jesus Christ, and you will be saved, you and your household.
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his feet.
Therefore also I was hindered these many times from coming to you,
Death is common to all and inevitable for man.
I hate the popular leaders because they disturb the people and shatter the peace, the fruit of my administration, with a decree in favour of war.
and have put on the new man, that is being renewed in knowledge after the image of his Creator,
But you remain in the things which you have learned and have been assured of, knowing from whom you have learned them.
To persons beyond that age, asthma, pleurisy, pneumonia, lethargy, phrenitis, ardent fevers, chronic diarrhoea, cholera, dysentery, lientery, hemorrhoids.
Pilate asked him, Are you the King of the Jews? He answered, So you say.
Let the elders who rule well be counted worthy of double honor, especially those who labor in the word and in teaching.
But in that case the matter would have been decided by itself.
It is another who testifies about me. I know that the testimony which he testifies about me is true.
I was a stranger, and you didn't take me in; naked, and you didn't clothe me; sick, and in prison, and you didn't visit me. '
We want peace.
In these lay a great multitude of those who were sick, blind, lame, or paralyzed, waiting for the moving of the water; for an angel of the Lord went down at certain times into the pool, and stirred up the water. Whoever stepped in first after the stirring of the water was made whole of whatever disease he had.
When somebody told a Spartan that he was lying, the Spartan replied, Yea, we are free men; but ithers, if they dinna teli the truth, will rue it.
Immediately he received his sight, and followed him, glorifying God. All the people, when they saw it, praised God.
even when we were dead through our trespasses, made us alive together with Christ (by grace you have been saved),
Cherished in old age amid such honour and good will, like a common father, a slight cause co-operated with his great age to bring him to his end.
oppression and anguish, on every soul of man who works evil, on the Jew first, and also on the Greek.
Being asked once how far the bounds of Sparta extended, he said, with a flourish of his spear, As far as this can reach.
Now I say this, brothers, that flesh and blood can't inherit the Kingdom of God; neither does corruption inherit incorruption.
The sky was removed like a scroll when it is rolled up. Every mountain and island were moved out of their places.
knowing this first, that in the last days mockers will come, walking after their own lusts,
His mother and brothers came to him, and they could not come near him for the crowd.
which they also did, sending it to the elders by the hands of Barnabas and Saul.
After this, there put in at the city triremes from Dionysius, under the command of Nypsius the Neapolitan, who brought food and money for the beleaguered garrison of the acropolis.
For every high priest is appointed to offer both gifts and sacrifices. Therefore it is necessary that this high priest also have something to offer.
But if there is no interpreter, let him keep silent in the assembly, and let him speak to himself, and to God.
One of his disciples, Andrew, Simon Peter's brother, said to him,
But in giving you this command, I don't praise you, that you come together not for the better but for the worse.
Therefore, King Agrippa, I was not disobedient to the heavenly vision,
so that I won't by any means, if there come with me any of Macedonia and find you unprepared, we (to say nothing of you) should be put to shame in this confident boasting.
But we are not of those who shrink back to destruction, but of those who have faith to the saving of the soul.
For it is like a man, going into another country, who called his own servants, and entrusted his goods to them.
to which I was appointed a preacher and an apostle (I am telling the truth in Christ, not lying), a teacher of the Gentiles in faith and truth.
They rose up, threw him out of the city, and led him to the brow of the hill that their city was built on, that they might throw him off the cliff.
Paul said, I didn't know, brothers, that he was high priest. For it is written, 'You shall not speak evil of a ruler of your people. '
After these days we took up our baggage and went up to Jerusalem.
He has said to me, My grace is sufficient for you, for my power is made perfect in weakness. Most gladly therefore I will rather glory in my weaknesses, that the power of Christ may rest on me.
but Herod the tetrarch, being reproved by him for Herodias, his brother's wife, and for all the evil things which Herod had done,
Another, taken captive, and asked a similar question, said, To manage a house well.
So the assemblies were strengthened in the faith, and increased in number daily.
Chorus I invoke Apia’s hilly land for well, O land, you understand my barbarous speech , and many times I lay my hands upon my Sidonian veil and tear its linen fabric to shreds.
Until I come, pay attention to reading, to exhortation, and to teaching.
But he whom God raised up saw no decay.
Jesus therefore said to them, Children, have you anything to eat? They answered him, No.
They brought it to Jesus. They threw their cloaks on the colt, and set Jesus on them.
ARCHIDAMIDAS
It happened in these days, that he went out to the mountain to pray, and he continued all night in prayer to God.
We live in a house.
Listen! Behold, the farmer went out to sow,
The angel answered him, I am Gabriel, who stands in the presence of God. I was sent to speak to you, and to bring you this good news.
My little children, I write these things to you so that you may not sin. If anyone sins, we have a Counselor with the Father, Jesus Christ, the righteous.
Xenophon, finally, took ships, disembarked at the boundaries separating Thrace and the territory of Heracleia, and pursued his way through the back country.
Those that went for him found that the son was no longer alive, but had been the first to be slaughtered; but they brought Psammenitus up and led him to Cambyses; and there he lived, and no violence was done him for the rest of his life.
Looking around at those who sat around him, he said, Behold, my mother and my brothers!
Again, was there ever city rebelling that did not believe that it possessed either in itself or in its alliances resources adequate to the enterprise?
But the leaders of the Syracusans, now that they were become a laughing-stock for the women, sought to redeem their disgrace, armed the citizens again, and pursued after Dion.
But I say to the unmarried and to widows, it is good for them if they remain even as I am.
Andrew; Philip; Bartholomew; Matthew; Thomas; James, the son of Alphaeus; Thaddaeus; Simon the Zealot;
Chorus Courage! darkness still holds your son’s eye.
Part 16 When in a state of hunger, one ought not to undertake labor.
Every action and every undertaking seem to aim at some good.
Question I
He who loves his life will lose it. He who hates his life in this world will keep it to eternal life.
All being now ready, the generals and Gylippus addressed them in the following terms:
For there is no distinction between Jew and Greek; for the same Lord is Lord of all, and is rich to all who call on him.
but we know that the soil ofLibyais redder and somewhat sandy, andArabiaandSyriaare lands of clay and stones.
Every island fled away, and the mountains were not found.
Your boasting is not good. Don't you know that a little yeast leavens the whole lump?
He set another parable before them, saying, The Kingdom of Heaven is like a man who sowed good seed in his field,
having the same conflict which you saw in me, and now hear is in me.
Part 48 In enlargement of the spleen, it is a good symptom when dysentery comes on.
Then they spit in his face and beat him with their fists, and some slapped him,
not that we are sufficient of ourselves, to account anything as from ourselves; but our sufficiency is from God;
Of Artapates, the one among Cyrus’ chamberlains who was his most faithful follower, it is told that when he saw Cyrus fallen, he leaped down from his horse and threw his arms about him.
If we have only hoped in Christ in this life, we are of all men most pitiable.
For in the one case, said he, we should have had the reputation of cowardice merely; but now, in addition to our toils and perils, we are deemed unjust. Such were the principles of Brutus.
We don't trust strangers.
The smoke of the incense, with the prayers of the saints, went up before God out of the angel's hand.
Part 42 A copious sweat, whether hot or cold, flowing continuously, indicates, the cold a greater, and the hot a lesser disease.
For with the heart, one believes unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.
To Helios
After three months, we set sail in a ship of Alexandria which had wintered in the island, whose sign was The Twin Brothers.
What then? The assembly must certainly meet, for they will hear that you have come.
Their eyes were opened, and they recognized him, and he vanished out of their sight.
A man who disregards Moses' law dies without compassion on the word of two or three witnesses.
Does he say it of his own knowledge?
As we stayed there some days, a certain prophet named Agabus came down from Judea.
You are the light of the world. A city located on a hill can't be hidden.
For young people silence is better than talking.
Don't lay up treasures for yourselves on the earth, where moth and rust consume, and where thieves break through and steal;
They made signs to his father, what he would have him called.
These then are the Aeolian cities on the mainland, besides those that are situated on Ida and are separate.
For John said to him, It is not lawful for you to have her.
Part 75 Upon leucophlegmatia dropsy supervenes.
Now when they had passed through Amphipolis and Apollonia, they came to Thessalonica, where there was a synagogue of the Jews.
Artabazus on his arrival carried the king's orders into effect, and sent over the letter,
Now receive one who is weak in faith, but not for disputes over opinions.
I'm diligent.
For if while still unprepared, hurried away by the complaints of our allies, we are induced to lay it waste, have a care that we do not bring deep disgrace and deep perplexity upon Peloponnese.
When you hear of wars and disturbances, don't be terrified, for these things must happen first, but the end won't come immediately.
God exalted him with his right hand to be a Prince and a Savior, to give repentance to Israel, and remission of sins.
They told him, John the Baptizer, and others say Elijah, but others: one of the prophets.
Part 46 Pains of the eyes are removed by drinking undiluted wine, plenteous bathing with hot water, and venesection.
After falling in with and destroying most of the vessels in question, and burning in the Caulonian territory a quantity of timber for shipbuilding, which had been got ready for the Athenians,
But God gives it a body even as it pleased him, and to each seed a body of its own.
When they had kindled a fire in the middle of the courtyard, and had sat down together, Peter sat among them.
So they gathered them up, and filled twelve baskets with broken pieces from the five barley loaves, which were left over by those who had eaten.
Part 2 In purging we should bring away such matters from the body as it would be advantageous had they come away spontaneously; but those of an opposite character should be stopped.
When he rose up from his prayer, he came to the disciples, and found them sleeping because of grief,
The king was exceedingly sorry, but for the sake of his oaths, and of his dinner guests, he didn't wish to refuse her.
CLEOMENES, SON OF CLEOMBROTUS
But if a woman has long hair, it is a glory to her, for her hair is given to her for a covering.
When evening had come, the boat was in the midst of the sea, and he was alone on the land.
I answered, 'Who are you, Lord? ' He said to me, 'I am Jesus of Nazareth, whom you persecute. '
You will say then, Branches were broken off, that I might be grafted in.
The Son of Man indeed goes, as it has been determined, but woe to that man through whom he is betrayed!
'Tis better to be ill in body than in soul.
And in all other ways, too, Brutus had as large a share in Caesar’s power as he wished. Indeed, had he wished it, he might have been first among Caesar’s friends and exercised the greatest power;
Because iniquity will be multiplied, the love of many will grow cold.
And second, Fabius Maximus, the eldest of the sons of Aemilius, though he was still a young man, eagerly volunteered.
Whatever you will ask in my name, that will I do, that the Father may be glorified in the Son.
Here Heracleides came forward with a motion that Dion should be chosen general with absolute powers by land and sea.
But if anyone is ignorant, let him be ignorant.
Now they were Mary Magdalene, Joanna, and Mary the mother of James. The other women with them told these things to the apostles.
Then the end comes, when he will deliver up the Kingdom to God, even the Father; when he will have abolished all rule and all authority and power.
Many devices there are for escaping death.
He was seen, however, and being thought to be, not the Cinna that he really was, but the one who had recently reviled Caesar before the assembled people, he was torn in pieces.
For men will be lovers of self, lovers of money, boastful, arrogant, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,
Custom is the king of all.
Amphitryon O children, make haste to fly!
They all ate, and were filled.
In that day you will know that I am in my Father, and you in me, and I in you.
Unimpressive in person on account of his thinness.
Blessed are those who have been persecuted for righteousness' sake, For theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven.
When the Pharisees saw it, they said to his disciples, Why does your teacher eat with tax collectors and sinners?
But there is nothing covered up, that will not be revealed, nor hidden, that will not be known.
But the cowardly politicians, leading out the flower of the city to Boeotia, led them to a graveyard.
nor yet that he should offer himself often, as the high priest enters into the holy place year by year with blood not his own,
But he denied it, saying, I neither know, nor understand what you are saying. He went out on the porch, and the cock crowed.
Most assuredly I tell you, he who receives whomever I send, receives me; and he who receives me, receives him who sent me.
even as the Father knows me, and I know the Father. I lay down my life for the sheep.
What shall I do? Shall I be caught in wrong again?
But with you it may be that I will stay, or even winter, that you may send me on my journey wherever I go.
(for he who appointed Peter to the apostleship of the circumcision appointed me also to the Gentiles);
Remember this: he who sows sparingly will also reap sparingly. He who sows bountifully will also reap bountifully.
“Mother, what the gods send us, we mortals bear perforce, although we suffer; for they are much stronger than we. But now I will teach you clearly, telling you the names of men who have great power and honor here and are chief among the people, guarding our city's coif of towers by their wisdom and true judgements: there is wise Triptolemus and Dioclus and Polyxeinus and blameless Eumolpusand Dolichus and our own brave father. All these have wives who manage in the house, and no one of them, so soon as she had seen you, would dishonor you and turn you from the house, but they will welcome you; for indeed you are godlike. But if you will, stay here; and we will go to our father's house and tell Metaneira, our deep-bosomed mother, all this matter fully, that she may bid you rather come to our home than search after the houses of others. She has an only son, late-born, who is being nursed in our well-built house, a child of many prayers and welcome: if you could bring him up until he reached the full measure of youth, any one of womankind who should see you would straightway envy you, such gifts would our mother give for his upbringing. ”
When Peter knocked at the door of the gate, a maid named Rhoda came to answer.
SECTION V Part 1 A spasm from taking hellebore is of a fatal nature.
but Jesus went to the Mount of Olives.
But though he had done so many signs before them, yet they didn't believe in him,
saying to them, It is written, 'My house is a house of prayer, ' but you have made it a 'den of robbers'!
Likewise, exhort the younger men to be sober-minded;
I walk to the house.
Jesus said to them, Come after me, and I will make you into fishers for men.
Now consider how great this man was, to whom even Abraham, the patriarch, gave a tenth out of the best spoils.
For they all seek their own, not the things of Jesus Christ.
PART 19XIX. In nutriment purging excellent, in nutriment purging bad ; bad or excellent according to circumstances.
Such, then, were the signs from Heaven which encouraged the expedition; and making haste, since they were crossing the open sea, they skirted the coast of Italy.
as well as those who were troubled by unclean spirits, and they were being healed.
so that on the contrary you should rather forgive him and comfort him, lest by any means such a one should be swallowed up with his excessive sorrow.
It will be, that every soul that will not listen to that prophet will be utterly destroyed from among the people.
Of two pains occurring together, not in the same part of the body, the stronger weakens the other.
But Jesus, answering, said to him, Allow it now, for this is the fitting way for us to fulfill all righteousness. Then he allowed him.
But Peter got up and ran to the tomb. Stooping and looking in, he saw the strips of linen lying by themselves, and he departed to his home, wondering what had happened.
For it is better, if the will of God should so will, that you suffer for doing well than for doing evil.
When the disciples heard it, they fell on their faces, and were very afraid.
You stiff-necked and uncircumcised in heart and ears, you always resist the Holy Spirit! As your fathers did, so you do.
They said to them just as Jesus had said, and they let them go.
The times of ignorance therefore God overlooked. But now he commands that all men everywhere should repent,
Salvation from our enemies, and from the hand of all who hate us;
Part 19 Erysipelas upon exposure of a bone (is bad? ).
He said to him, 'If they don't listen to Moses and the prophets, neither will they be persuaded if one rises from the dead. '
and he will reign over the house of Jacob forever. There will be no end to his kingdom.
before his coming, when John had first preached the baptism of repentance to all the people of Israel.
When they had stood them in the midst, they inquired, By what power, or in what name, have you done this?
I work for much time.
Rather, go to the lost sheep of the house of Israel.
To the angel of the assembly in Pergamum write: He who has the sharp two-edged sword says these things:
Demosthenes, the orator, said to him, The Athenians will put you to death if they go mad. Yes, he replied, me if they go mad, but you if they keep their senses,
Furthermore, we had the fathers of our flesh to chasten us, and we paid them respect. Shall we not much rather be in subjection to the Father of spirits, and live?
Socrates. And so Meletus, perhaps, is first
Did you suffer so many things in vain, if it is indeed in vain?
But you, brothers, aren't in darkness, that the day should overtake you like a thief.
each of them gives, one in Thebes, another in Tanagra
For God didn't appoint us to wrath, but to the obtaining of salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ,
It happened, when the days of his service were fulfilled, he departed to his house.
Were there none found who returned to give glory to God, except this stranger?
By faith, he left Egypt, not fearing the wrath of the king; for he endured, as seeing him who is invisible.
He took it, and ate in front of them.
Chorus Well for you if you had died in that day, when, for your wife, you went forth to exact vengeance for her slain brothersby sacking the Taphians’ sea-beat town.
Turn next to friendship, and behold how despots share in it. First let us consider whether friendship is a great blessing to mankind.
The woman said to him, Sir, you have nothing to draw with, and the well is deep. From where then have you that living water?
Therefore don't throw away your boldness, which has a great reward.
They will come from the east, west, north, and south, and will sit down in the Kingdom of God.
And when Labienus, insisting on certain oracles, said that Pompey must prevail, Yes, said Cicero, this is the generalship that has now cost us our camp.
The baptism of John was it from heaven, or from men? Answer me.
Chorus For since he did not ever cause the destruction of his people by senseless and ruinous wars, he bore the name of divine counsellor to the Persians; and a divine counsellor he was, since he guided his people well.
I have found it!
Likewise, also the chief priests mocking among themselves with the scribes said, He saved others. He can't save himself.
Now I desire to have you know, brothers, that the things which happened to me have turned out rather to the progress of the gospel;
We are of good courage, I say, and are willing rather to be absent from the body, and to be at home with the Lord.
Let it be.
idolatry, sorcery, hatred, strife, jealousies, outbursts of anger, rivalries, divisions, heresies,
But let us, since we belong to the day, be sober, putting on the breastplate of faith and love, and, for a helmet, the hope of salvation.
Now this Cylon was inquiring at Delphi; when he was told by the god to seize the Acropolis of Athens on the grand festival of Zeus.
When he offered a plot of land for sale, he ordered the announcement to be made that it also had a good neighbour.
Wherein you greatly rejoice, though now for a little while, if need be, you have been put to grief in various trials,
What do they have in mind?
A voice came to him, Rise, Peter, kill and eat!
All who heard it wondered at the things which were spoken to them by the shepherds.
Another carrying a timber for the palisade said that it was awfully heavy. Very likely, said Scipio, for you put more trust in this wood than in your sword.
They have left us.
to another faith, by the same Spirit; and to another gifts of healings, by the same Spirit;
Chapter 10. EPIMENIDES (c. 600 B. C. )
You are alienated from Christ, you who desire to be justified by the law. You have fallen away from grace.
saying, Ha! What do we have to do with you, Jesus, you Nazarene? Have you come to destroy us? I know you who you are: the Holy One of God!
But I say this, brothers: the time is short, that from now on, both those who have wives may be as though they had none;
In those days, when there was a very great multitude, and they had nothing to eat, Jesus called his disciples to himself, and said to them,
Mary Magdalene was there, and the other Mary, sitting opposite the tomb.
He came to his own, and those who were his own didn't receive him.
Brothers, I speak like men. Though it is only a man's covenant, yet when it has been confirmed, no one makes it void, or adds to it.
John answered them, I baptize in water, but among you stands one whom you don't know.
For you bear with a man, if he brings you into bondage, if he devours you, if he takes you captive, if he exalts himself, if he strikes you on the face.
He asked them, Whose is this image and inscription?
When he had gone up, and had broken bread, and eaten, and had talked with them a long while, even until break of day, he departed.
and those who use the world, as not using it to the fullest. For the mode of this world passes away.
and make straight paths for your feet, that that which is lame may not be dislocated, but rather be healed.
Again, from their old residence in that quarter, the citadel is still known among Athenians as the “city”.
Judge for yourselves. Is it appropriate that a woman pray to God unveiled?
He was with them going in and going out at Jerusalem,
BRASIDAS
But I will warn you whom you should fear. Fear him, who after he has killed, has power to cast into Gehenna. Yes, I tell you, fear him.
Chabrias used to say that those men commanded an army best who best knew what the enemy were about.
Blessed are you who hunger now, For you will be filled. Blessed are you who weep now, For you will laugh.
having wiped out the handwriting in ordinances that was against us, which was contrary to us: and he has taken it out of the way, nailing it to the cross;
When Christ, our life, is revealed, then you will also be revealed with him in glory.
while they themselves also, with supplication on your behalf, yearn for you by reason of the exceeding grace of God in you.
When they received it, they murmured against the master of the household,
having eyes full of adultery, and who can't cease from sin; enticing unsettled souls; having a heart trained in greed; children of cursing;
the son of Maath, the son of Mattathias, the son of Semein, the son of Joseph, the son of Judah,
But if a man walks in the night, he stumbles, because the light isn't in him.
Peter and John were going up into the temple at the hour of prayer, the ninth hour.
Amphitryon Yes, he is sleeping, a deadly sleepless sleep, having slain wife and children with the arrows of his twanging bow.
I saw a mighty angel proclaiming with a loud voice, Who is worthy to open the book, and to break its seals?
For this ointment might have been sold for much, and given to the poor.
Jesus answered him, Are you the teacher of Israel, and don't understand these things?
Yet I wish that all men were like me. However each man has his own gift from God, one of this kind, and another of that kind.
I'll show you the photo now.
I gave it to her.
And on arriving in his native land Ulysses found his substance wasted; for, believing that he was dead, suitors were wooing Penelope. From Dulichium came fifty-seven:
When they heard this they were filled with anger, and cried out, saying, Great is Artemis of the Ephesians!
Most assuredly I tell you, this generation will not pass away, until all these things are accomplished.
I was alive apart from the law once, but when the commandment came, sin revived, and I died.
The woman whom you saw is the great city, which reigns over the kings of the earth.
Chapter 10. CLITOMACHUS (Head of the Academy from 129 B. C. )
Now on that day the King did not offer battle, but tracks of both horses and men in retreat were to be seen in great numbers.
Blessed is he who finds no occasion for stumbling in me.
The disciples therefore said, Lord, if he has fallen asleep, he will recover.
Sufficient to such a one is this punishment which was inflicted by the many;
Others were tried by mocking and scourging, yes, moreover by bonds and imprisonment.
saying, There was a judge in a certain city who didn't fear God, and didn't respect man.
Behold, I have told you beforehand.
His parents answered them, We know that this is our son, and that he was born blind;
He charged us to preach to the people and to testify that this is he who is appointed by God as the Judge of the living and the dead.
and love the place of honor at feasts, the best seats in the synagogues,
Here they dwelt for six years; but in the seventh, the Libyans got them to leave the place, saying that they would lead them to a better;
Part 44 When ileus comes on in a case of strangury, they prove fatal in seven days, unless, fever supervening, there be a copious discharge of urine.
Part 20 When things are at the crisis, or when they have just passed it, neither move the bowels, nor make any innovation in the treatment, either as regards purgatives or any other such stimulants, but let things alone.
Then the devil left him, and behold, angels came and ministered to him.
Now you are releasing your servant, Master, According to your word, in peace;
When they had crucified him, they divided his clothing among them, casting lots,
Let all things be done decently and in order.
If it is possible, as much as it is up to you, be at peace with all men.
Part 47 If a dropsical patient be seized with hiccup the case is hopeless.
So this year ended, being the year in which the Medes, who had revolted from Darius, king of the Persians, were again reduced to subjection.
They are swift to follow up a success, and slow to recoil from a reverse.
Part 39 Convulsions take place either from repletion or depletion; and so it is with hiccup.
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake.
Jesus cried out with a loud voice, and gave up the spirit.
BOOK VII
and being in readiness to avenge all disobedience, when your obedience will be made full.
Concerning His Own Restoration
Nor the seven loaves for the four thousand, and how many baskets you took up?
COMPARISON OF PHILOPOEMEN AND TITUS
ALEXANDER
Whoever doesn't bear his own cross, and come after me, can't be my disciple.
But Peter raised him up, saying, Stand up! I myself am also a man.
For I don't know what I am doing. For I don't practice what I desire to do; but what I hate, that I do.
I see the man.
He banished perfume on the ground that it spoiled and ruined the olive oil, and also the dyer’s art on the ground that it was a flattery of the senses.
Or don't you know, brothers (for I speak to men who know the law), that the law has dominion over a man for as long as he lives?
He was there in the wilderness forty days tempted by Satan. He was with the wild animals; and the angels ministered to him.
Even so then at this present time also there is a remnant according to the election of grace.
Simon, to whom he gave the name Peter;
who testified to God's word, and of the testimony of Jesus Christ, about everything that he saw.
For as soon as he had sent out the embassy, he openly attached himself to the Carthaginians and acted with them in order to expel Dionysius from Syracuse and become its tyrant himself.
Part 9 Broad exanthemata are not very itchy.
such was the kindliness of Fortune that shone forth at once upon his election, and such the grace that attended his subsequent actions and adorned his virtues.
I hear the noise.
If the master is not present, the slave does not work.
So then the other disciple who came first to the tomb also entered in, and he saw and believed.
After this began the alliance between the Athenians and Acarnanians.
but the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.
Hasn't the Scripture said that the Christ comes of the seed of David, and from Bethlehem, the village where David was?
I want to go to the city.
The danger was expected to reach Attica.
that they should seek the Lord, if perhaps they might reach out for him and find him, though he is not far from each one of us.
and tasted the good word of God, and the powers of the age to come,
So superfluously abundant were the resources from which the genius of Pericles foresaw an easy triumph in the war over the unaided forces of the Peloponnesians.
I know such a man (whether in the body, or outside of the body, I don't know; God knows),
The wall of the city had twelve foundations, and on them twelve names of the twelve Apostles of the Lamb.
saying, Prophesy to us, you Christ! Who hit you?
Chorus O seed of Atreus, through how many sufferings have you sprouted up at last in freedom, fulfilled by this day’s enterprise!
and that he appeared to Cephas, then to the twelve.
Repent, for the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!
Part 48 The male foetus is usually seated in the right, and the female in the left side.
Pray therefore that the Lord of the harvest will send out laborers into his harvest.
When they had brought them to the magistrates, they said, These men, being Jews, are agitating our city,
Behold, I come like a thief. Blessed is he who watches, and keeps his clothes, so that he doesn't walk naked, and they see his shame.
For if these things are yours and abound, they make you to be not idle nor unfruitful to the knowledge of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Accordingly, those who had the weapons carried them to one place, where he directed, and threw them down, and men whom he had appointed for the purpose burned them.
But he who is greatest among you will be your servant.
Apostemes in fevers which are not resolved at the first crisis, indicate a protracted disease.
My sword is my life.
With these words he, as Ephor, himself put the question to the assembly of the Lacedaemonians.
But this happened so that the word may be fulfilled which was written in their law, 'They hated me without a cause. '
So farming, Socrates, more than any other calling, seems to produce a generous disposition in its followers.
because if our heart condemns us, God is greater than our heart, and knows all things.
What are you doing?
But you have dishonored the poor man. Don't the rich oppress you, and personally drag you before the courts?
He told them a parable. See the fig tree, and all the trees.
Repay no one evil for evil. Respect what is honorable in the sight of all men.
They spoke many other things against him, insulting him.
Then, when he had subjugated all the Asiatic Greeks of the mainland and made them tributary to him, he planned to build ships and attack the islanders;
They immediately left the boat and their father, and followed him.
With many such parables he spoke the word to them, as they were able to hear it.
Children, obey your parents in all things, for this pleases the Lord.
Part 31 When a person who is recovering from a disease has a good appetite, but his body does not improve in condition, it is a bad symptom.
You blind fools! For which is greater, the gift, or the altar that sanctifies the gift?
Great is my boldness of speech toward you. Great is my boasting on your behalf. I am filled with comfort. I overflow with joy in all our affliction.
Don't be drunken with wine, in which is dissipation, but be filled with the Spirit,
(for they indeed have been made priests without an oath), but he with an oath by him that says of him, The Lord swore and will not change his mind, 'You are a priest forever, According to the order of Melchizedek'.
He said to them, I have earnestly desired to eat this Passover with you before I suffer,
Part 20 If blood be poured out preternaturally into a cavity, it must necessarily become corrupted.
If any man's work remains which he built on it, he will receive a reward.
There is a meadow there, where they made a place for buying and marketing; much ground grain frequently came to them from Asia.
Part 5 It deserves to be considered whether the pains in the sides, and in the breasts, and in the other parts, differ much from one another.
This however not being quick enough for him, he joined the retreat in person and made the right wing wheel round, thus turning its unarmed side to the enemy.
Jesus said to him, I don't tell you until seven times, but, until seventy times seven.
Kings
I saw the woman drunken with the blood of the saints, and with the blood of the martyrs of Jesus. When I saw her, I wondered with great amazement.
While he was still a youth, he made a journey to Cyprus with his uncle Cato, who was sent out against Ptolemy.
So then, have I become your enemy by telling you the truth?
Of the tribe of Simeon twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Levi twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Issachar twelve thousand,
But they will proceed no further. For their folly will be evident to all men, as theirs also came to be.
Didn't Moses give you the law, and yet none of you keeps the law? Why do you seek to kill me?
Dicaeopolis slowly walks out of his house.
For Christ is of those who are humble-minded, not of those who exalt themselves over His flock.
Part 43 A woman does not become ambidexterous.
Of the angels he says, Who makes his angels winds, And his servants a flame of fire.
Let every soul be in subjection to the higher authorities, for there is no authority except from God, and those who exist are ordained by God.
Elijah was sent to none of them, except to Zarephath, in the land of Sidon, to a woman who was a widow.
Professing themselves to be wise, they became fools,
They prayed, and said, You, Lord, who know the hearts of all men, show which one of these two you have chosen
The high priest tore his clothes, and said, What further need have we of witnesses?
Now there was there a herd of many pigs feeding on the mountain, and they begged him that he would allow them to enter into those. He allowed them.
He said to them, What are you talking about as you walk, and are sad?
from whence considering themselves in safety they sent a message to the fleet at Miletus for a convoy along the coast.
Now when they saw some of his disciples eating bread with defiled, that is, unwashed, hands, they found fault.
And they glorified God in me.
When they saw it, they publicized widely the saying which was spoken to them about this child.
After this explanation of their views the Corinthians returned home.
We're not in danger.
Cho. But do you, who adorned our elders with many virtuous manners, utter the voice in which you rejoice, and declare your nature.
After using such arguments as these, Dion set Heracleides and Theodotes free.
POLYDORUS
For there was a tabernacle prepared. In the first part were the lampstand, the table, and the show bread; which is called the Holy Place.
Jesus answered him, Get behind me Satan! For it is written, 'You shall worship the Lord your God, and him only shall you serve. '
When somebody promised him to make the wine pleasant to the taste, he said, What for? For more of it will be used, and it will make the men’s eating together less beneficial.
and didn't know her sexually until she had brought forth her firstborn son. He named him Jesus.
In those cases in which the urine becomes divided there is great disorder in the body.
He who sits on the throne said, Behold, I am making all things new. He said, Write, for these words of God are faithful and true.
And if by grace, then it is no longer of works; otherwise grace is no longer grace. But if it is of works, it is no longer grace; otherwise work is no longer work.
Part 66 If one give to a person in fever the same food which is given to a person in good health, what is strength to the one is disease to the other.
Part 7 Persons who are difficult to vomit, and are moderately fat, should be purged downward, avoiding the summer season.
or to governors, as sent by him for vengeance on evil-doers and for praise to those who do well.
they will take up serpents; and if they drink any deadly thing, it will in no way hurt them; they will lay hands on the sick, and they will recover.
However, that knowledge isn't in all men. But some, with consciousness of the idol until now, eat as of a thing sacrificed to an idol, and their conscience, being weak, is defiled.
But we did not become allies of the Athenians for the subjugation of the Hellenes, but allies of the Hellenes for their liberation from the Mede;
Alyattes the Lydian, his war with the Milesians finished, died after a reign of fifty-seven years.
Jesus' mother was there.
For until the law, sin was in the world; but sin is not charged when there is no law.
But seek first God's Kingdom, and his righteousness; and all these things will be given to you as well.
For Moses writes about the righteousness of the law, The one who does them will live by them.
These, then, are considerations and examples which history presents to those who are willing to profit by them.
I tell the truth in Christ. I am not lying, my conscience testifying with me in the Holy Spirit,
Then the devil took him into the holy city. He set him on the pinnacle of the temple,
So then death works in us, but life in you.
It is the Spirit who bears witness, because the Spirit is the truth.
Who could bring a charge against God's elect? It is God who justifies.
Regarding their custom of calling the king of the Persians the Great King, he said, In what respect is he greater than I, unless he is more upright and self-restrained ?
Jude, a servant of Jesus Christ, and brother of James, to those who are called, sanctified by God the Father, and kept for Jesus Christ:
Tom was there.
Part 33 But if any part be in a painful state previous to the illness, there the disease fixes.
praying together for us also, that God may open to us a door for the word, to speak the mystery of Christ, for which I am also in bonds;
Watch therefore, for you don't know in what hour your Lord comes.
SCILURUS
He sent out his servant at supper time to tell those who were invited, 'Come, for everything is ready now. '
At this juncture, too, a messenger from his house came running to Brutus with the tidings that his wife was dead.
arose from supper, and laid aside his outer garments. He took a towel, and wrapped a towel around his waist.
Ask them what sort of people they found us to be; for the men are here present whom the city of Trapezus, out of friendship, sent with us as guides.
What is that thing in your right hand?
the son of Melea, the son of Menan, the son of Mattatha, the son of Nathan, the son of David,
When he dedicated a silver goblet to the gods, he caused the engraver to cut the letters of his first two names, but instead of Cicero to engrave a chick-pea.
but nothing was more resplendent than the tyranny of Dionysius, and it was the radiance of this which they would extinguish as soon as they reached Sicily.
For being not yet born, neither having done anything good or bad, that the purpose of God according to election might stand, not of works, but of him who calls,
They made away with a man who wore the very coarsest clothing, because he inserted a border in his garment.
LYCURGUS
Each is one, but together two.
Distraught by the death of his son, Croesus cried out the more vehemently because the killer was one whom he himself had cleansed of blood,
Behold, we call them blessed who endured. You have heard of the patience of Job, and have seen the Lord in the outcome, and how the Lord is full of compassion and mercy.
NICIAS
But as the time of the promise came close which God swore to Abraham, the people grew and multiplied in Egypt,
They kept using the enemiesʼ arrows.
Would that I had met you then.
They forgot to take bread; and they didn't have more than one loaf in the boat with them.
But so that this spreads no further among the people, let's threaten them, that from now on they don't speak to anyone in this name.
Jesus therefore said to them, My time has not yet come, but your time is always ready.
saying, I have sinned in that I betrayed innocent blood. But they said, What is that to us? You see to it.
They told her, Woman, why are you weeping? She said to them, Because they have taken away my Lord, and I don't know where they have laid him.
searching for who or what kind of time the Spirit of Christ, which was in them, pointed to, when he predicted the sufferings of Christ, and the glories that would follow them.
Others said, This is the Christ. But some said, What, does the Christ come out of Galilee?
This was the largest town in Amphilochia, and its inhabitants the most powerful.
Paul, an apostle of Christ Jesus through the will of God, to the saints who are at Ephesus, and the faithful in Christ Jesus:
and the barbarians once again failed to await the attack, but took to flight when at a greater distance from the Greeks than they were the first time.
but he whose genealogy is not counted from them has taken tithes of Abraham, and has blessed him who has the promises.
Neither grumble, as some of them also grumbled, and perished by the destroyer.
Another angel came out from the temple which is in heaven. He also had a sharp sickle.
You know that when you were heathen, you were led away to those mute idols, however you might be led.
He laid his hands on her, and immediately she stood up straight, and glorified God.
The word which he sent to the children of Israel, preaching good news of peace by Jesus Christ he is Lord of all
He sent yet a third, and they also wounded him, and threw him out.
They asked him, What then? Are you Elijah? He said, I am not. Are you the Prophet? He answered, No.
So at length Potidaea was strongly invested on either side, and from the sea by the ships cooperating in the blockade.
For if the truth of God through my lie abounded to his glory, why am I also still judged as a sinner?
It is no great thing therefore if his ministers also masquerade as servants of righteousness, whose end will be according to their works.
Simon and those who were with him followed after him;
To show mercy towards our fathers, To remember his holy covenant,
But when you ask, you must believe and not doubt, because the one who doubts is like a wave of the sea, blown and tossed by the wind.
To thee all this power has come.
They had then a notable prisoner, called Barabbas.
This was the first information, gentlemen; it was due to Andromachus, and implicated the persons mentioned. Now call Diognetus, please. WitnessYou were on the commission of inquiry, Diognetus when Pythonicus impeached Alcibiades before the Assembly? Yes. You recollect that Andromachus laid an information as to what was going on in Pulytion's house? Yes. And these are the names of those implicated by that information? Yes.
giving thanks always concerning all things in the name of our Lord Jesus Christ, to God, even the Father;
Let us consider how to provoke one another to love and good works,
receiving the wages of unrighteousness; people who count it pleasure to revel in the day-time, spots and blemishes, reveling in their deceit while they feast with you;
But he answered, It is not appropriate to take the children's bread and throw it to the dogs.
whom I have sent to you for this very purpose, that you may know our state, and that he may comfort your hearts.
He trusts in God. Let God deliver him now, if he wants him; for he said, 'I am the Son of God. '
Whoever seeks to save his life loses it, but whoever loses his life preserves it.
He killed James, the brother of John, with the sword.
When evening had come, a rich man from Arimathaea, named Joseph, who himself was also Jesus' disciple came.
He got into the boat with them; and the wind ceased, and they were very amazed among themselves, and marveled;
Let your loins be girded and your lamps burning.
BOOK IX
What then will we say that Abraham, our forefather, has found according to the flesh?
Whoever denies the Son, the same doesn't have the Father. He who confesses the Son has the Father also.
Now when John heard in the prison the works of Christ, he sent two of his disciples
The men who traveled with him stood speechless, hearing the voice, but seeing no one.
and should sleep and rise night and day, and the seed should spring up and grow, he doesn't know how.
Meanwhile Thibron arrived and took over the army, and uniting it with the rest of his Greek forces, proceeded to wage war upon Tissaphernes and Pharnabazus.
MANIUS CURIUS
that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have eternal life.
To the Mother of the Gods
Verily I say unto you, inasmuch as ye have done it unto one of the least of these my brethren, ye have done it unto me.
AGIS AND CLEOMENES AND THE GRACCHI COMPARED
But they insisted, saying, He stirs up the people, teaching throughout all Judea, beginning from Galilee even to this place.
Be free from the love of money, content with such things as you have, for he has said, I will in no way leave you, neither will I in any way forsake you.
Meanwhile our honor will be pledged to keeping on, particularly if it be the opinion that we began the quarrel.
Don't despise prophesies.
The report of him went out immediately everywhere into all the region of Galilee and its surrounding area.
And in fact Plato censures him for choosing such friends as proved his ruin.
They continued steadfastly in the apostles' teaching and fellowship, in the breaking of bread, and prayer.
and he took the seven loaves and the fish. He gave thanks and broke them, and gave to the disciples, and the disciples to the multitudes.
Part 56 In melancholic affections, determinations of the humor which occasions them produce the following diseases; either apoplexy of the whole body, or convulsion, or madness, or blindness.
Many flay the skin from the whole body, too, and carry it about on horseback stretched on a wooden frame.
They said to him, Where do you want us to prepare?
To the man who reported that Caesar’s friends were downcast he retorted, You speak as if they were Caesar’s foes !
They that have judgment everywhere prevail.
Not that anyone has seen the Father, except he who is from God. He has seen the Father.
For he who said, Do not commit adultery, said also, Do not commit murder. Now if you do not commit adultery, but murder, you have become a transgressor of the law.
If we leave him alone like this, everyone will believe in him, and the Romans will come and take away both our place and our nation.
All this while great attention was being given to the war; the allies were being mustered, and an armament of a hundred ships equipped for Peloponnese.
In whole burnt offerings and sacrifices for sin you had no pleasure.
Most of these came over to Brasidas; but Sane and Dium held out and saw their land ravaged by him and his army.
But we must run aground on a certain island.
and the enemy were shooting arrows and discharging slings,
These the Corinthians conjectured to be Carthaginians, from the splendour of their armour and the slowness and good order of their march.
MYRONIDES
For I am already being offered, and the time of my departure has come.
What does Tom say?
He didn't do many mighty works there because of their unbelief.
For if the inheritance is of the law, it is no more of promise; but God has granted it to Abraham by promise.
When a lecturer was about to read a laudatory essay on Heracles, he said, Why, who says anything against him ?
Jesus therefore answered them, My teaching is not mine, but his who sent me.
They weren't able to withstand the wisdom and the Spirit by which he spoke.
For we were saved in hope, but hope that is seen is not hope. For who hopes for that which he sees?
Though it was in my power not to die for you, but to get as husband whom I would of the Thessalians.
But west of this region two peninsulas stretch out from it into the sea, which I will now describe.
Now the chief priests and the whole council sought witnesses against Jesus to put him to death, and found none.
Give to everyone who asks you, and don't ask him who takes away your goods to give them back again.
To Hestia
Nevertheless you have a few names in Sardis that did not defile their garments. They will walk with me in white, for they are worthy.
But to each one of us was the grace given according to the measure of the gift of Christ.
For the creation was subjected to vanity, not of its own will, but because of him who subjected it, in hope
Don't be deceived. God is not mocked, for whatever a man sows, that will he also reap.
After these things I looked, and the temple of the tabernacle of the testimony in heaven was opened.
Part 67 In fevers, frights after sleep, or convulsions, are a bad symptom.
Chapter 12. TIMON (c. 320-2 30 B. C. )
Jesus said to him, Why do you call me good? No one is good except one God.
But I care less than naught for Zeus.
Truly the signs of an apostle were worked among you in all patience, in signs and wonders and mighty works.
What? Was it from you that the word of God went out? Or did it come to you alone?
But you say, 'Whoever may tell his father or his mother, Whatever help you might otherwise have gotten from me is a gift devoted to God,
The high priest said, Are these things so?
Pay attention to yourself, and to your teaching. Continue in these things, for in doing this you will save both yourself and those who hear you.
He who finds his life will lose it; and he who loses his life for my sake will find it.
Seeing a fig tree afar off having leaves, he came to see if perhaps he might find anything on it. When he came to it, he found nothing but leaves, for it was not the season for figs.
They likewise took part in negotiations with the Greeks in behalf of the near-by Colchians, who dwelt for the most part on the plain, and from these people also the Greeks received hospitable gifts of oxen.
For everyone will be salted with fire, and every sacrifice will be seasoned with salt.
who died for us, that, whether we wake or sleep, we should live together with him.
To Archidamus
being darkened in their understanding, alienated from the life of God, because of the ignorance that is in them, because of the hardening of their hearts;
On an appointed day, Herod dressed himself in royal clothing, sat on the throne, and gave a speech to them.
HIPPODAMUS
But when Mago got tidings of his approach, disturbed and fearful as he was, he was made still more suspicious for the following reason.
Hounds like these will be strong in appearance, agile, well-proportioned, and speedy; and they will have a jaunty expression and a good mouth.
Philip opened his mouth, and beginning from this Scripture, preached to him Jesus.
If to others I am not an apostle, yet at least I am to you; for you are the seal of my apostleship in the Lord.
Another, passing by a tomb at night, and imagining that he saw a ghost, ran at it with uplifted spear, and, as he thrust at it, he exclaimed, Where are you fleeing from me, you soul that shall die twice?
Then there were two robbers crucified with him, one on his right hand and one on the left.
John testified about him. He cried out, saying, This was he of whom I said, 'He who comes after me has surpassed me, for he was before me. '
If it bears fruit, fine; but if not, after that, you can cut it down. '
I give eternal life to them. They will never perish, and no one will snatch them out of my hand.
Now all the Athenians and the strangers living there spent their time in nothing else, but either to tell or to hear some new thing.
He seized the dragon, the old serpent, which is the devil and Satan, who deceives the whole inhabited earth, and bound him for a thousand years,
Psammenitus, son of Amasis, was encamped by the mouth of theNilecalled Pelusian, awaiting Cambyses.
Here is the patience of the saints, those who keep the commandments of God, and the faith of Jesus.
He ran on ahead, and climbed up into a sycamore tree to see him, for he was to pass that way.
As soon as they arrived they set to work with Cnemus to order ships from the different states, and to put those which they already had in fighting order.
When the multitudes heard it, they were astonished at his teaching.
Be it known therefore to you, that the salvation of God is sent to the Gentiles. They will also hear.
Don't you know that to whom you present yourselves as servants to obedience, his servants you are whom you obey; whether of sin to death, or of obedience to righteousness?
Chorus Leader But he, the aged father, like mother-bird wailingher unfledged brood, comes hastening here with halting steps on his bitter journey. The palace doors opening disclose Heracles lying asleep, bound to a shattered column.
For if the dead aren't raised, neither has Christ been raised.
But I tell you, it will be more tolerable for Tyre and Sidon on the day of judgment than for you.
Put on the whole armor of God, that you may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil.
Why? Because I don't love you? God knows.
BOOK IV
To grant to us that we, being delivered out of the hand of our enemies, should serve him without fear,
Aemilius kept still for several days, and they say that never was there such quiet when armies of such size had come so close together.
He also gave him authority to execute judgment, because he is a son of man.
Pilate answered, What I have written, I have written.
I said, 'Who are you, Lord? 'He said, 'I am Jesus, whom you persecute.
I don't want to go to school.
nor filthiness, nor foolish talking, nor jesting, which are not appropriate; but rather giving of thanks.
We bring you good news of the promise made to the fathers,
I know what I will do, so that when I am removed from management, they may receive me into their houses. '
Therefore see whether the light that is in you isn't darkness.
Immediately Jesus stretched out his hand, took hold of him, and said to him, You of little faith, why did you doubt?
Tom killed a man.
He who receives you receives me, and he who receives me receives him who sent me.
Part 58 If the omentum protrude, it necessarily mortifies and drops off.
Jesus, seeing that he became very sad, said, How hard it is for those who have riches to enter into the Kingdom of God!
So Agamemnon in person was in command of the whole army, and Achilles was admiral, being fifteen years old.
Cyrus had subjugated this Astyages, then, Cyrus' own mother's father, for the reason which I shall presently disclose.
He said to him, 'Son, you are always with me, and all that is mine is yours.
But we know that the law is good, if a man uses it lawfully,
For they heard them speak with other languages and magnify God. Then Peter answered,
but in the day that Lot went out from Sodom, it rained fire and sulfur from the sky, and destroyed them all.
Jesus said, Take away the stone. Martha, the sister of him who was dead, said to him, Lord, by this time there is a stench, for he has been dead four days.
Madness I seek to turn your steps into the best path instead of into this one of evil.
Chapter 6 CLEOBULUS (c 600 B. C. )
For he is not a Jew who is one outwardly, neither is that circumcision which is outward in the flesh;
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the assemblies.
But in those days, after that oppression, the sun will be darkened, the moon will not give its light,
Because you will not leave my soul in Hades, Neither will you allow your Holy One to see decay.
Now I, John, am the one who heard and saw these things. When I heard and saw, I fell down to worship before the feet of the angel who had shown me these things.
Leaving Cerasus, the people who had thus far been conveyed by sea went on as before, while the rest continued their journey by land.
In acute fevers, spasms, and strong pains about the bowels are bad symptoms.
Whether someone advised him in his difficulty, or whether he perceived for himself what to do, I do not know, but he did the following.
That in the good ground, these are such as in an honest and good heart, having heard the word, hold it tightly, and bring forth fruit with patience.
He taught them many things in parables, and told them in his teaching,
PART 12XII. And to the warming of all it harms or helps, to the cooling it harms or helps, to the power it harms or helps.
Now faith is assurance of things hoped for, proof of things not seen.
and those who weep, as though they didn't weep; and those who rejoice, as though they didn't rejoice; and those who buy, as though they didn't possess;
Having confidence in your obedience, I write to you, knowing that you will do even beyond what I say.
with whom the kings of the earth committed sexual immorality, and those who dwell in the earth were made drunken with the wine of her sexual immorality.
But not so with you. But one who is the greater among you, let him become as the younger, and one who is governing, as one who serves.
No one shall ever say.
for they loved men's praise more than God's praise.
Regarding this accusation, Cleomenes son of Anaxandrides, king of Sparta, crossed over to Aegina intending to arrest the most culpable of its people.
Part 10 Autumn is a bad season for persons in consumption.
Of the tribe of Zebulun twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Joseph twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Benjamin were sealed twelve thousand.
that you might know the certainty concerning the things in which you were instructed.
He said to them, To you is given the mystery of the Kingdom of God, but to those who are outside, all things are done in parables,
Question
God raised him up the third day, and gave him to be revealed,
Bless those who persecute you; bless, and don't curse.
He who testifies these things says, Yes, I come quickly. Amen! Yes, come, Lord Jesus.
He came to Bethsaida. They brought a blind man to him, and begged him to touch him.
Who is wise and understanding among you? Let him show by his good conduct that his deeds are done in gentleness of wisdom.
I tell you, no, but, unless you repent, you will all perish in the same way.
Such was the armistice, and during the whole of it conferences went on on the subject of a pacification.
He said he would not eat figs from Attica which had been imported for sale, but would eat them when he had obtained possession of the land that bore them.
For I long to see you, that I may impart to you some spiritual gift, to the end that you may be established;
Don't trust him.
and when they didn't find his body, they came saying that they had also seen a vision of angels, who said that he was alive.
Jesus answered them, This is the work of God, that you believe in him whom he has sent.
You are already filled. You have already become rich. You have come to reign without us. Yes, and I wish that you did reign, that we also might reign with you.
saying that the Son of Man must be delivered up into the hands of sinful men, and be crucified, and the third day rise again?
Other fell into the good ground, and grew, and brought forth fruit one hundred times. As he said these things, he called out, He who has ears to hear, let him hear!
I should not wish to hear it even once.
The Lord said, To what then will I liken the people of this generation? What are they like?
Meanwhile all who see these dangers and refuse to provide for them properly, or who have come here without having made up their minds that our first duty is to unite to get rid of the common peril, are mistaken.
PART 46XLVI. Power of nutriment superior to mass ; mass of nutriment superior to power ; both in moist things and in dry.
They reasoned with themselves, saying, If we should say, 'From heaven; ' he will say, 'Why then did you not believe him? '
(of whom the world was not worthy), wandering in deserts, mountains, caves, and the holes of the earth.
For I delivered to you first of all that which I also received: that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures,
Last after this they viewed the Ethiopian coffins; these are said to be made of alabaster, as I shall describe:
When he met us at Assos, we took him in, and came to Mitylene.
Therefore we don't faint, but though our outward man is decaying, yet our inward man is renewed day by day.
For as often as you eat this bread and drink this cup, you proclaim the Lord's death until he comes.
No, but you yourselves do wrong, and defraud, and that against your brothers.
PART 54LIV. Power gives to all things increase, nourishment and birth.
Don't trust Tom.
He reasoned in the synagogue every Sabbath, and persuaded Jews and Greeks.
The next day, when they had come out from Bethany, he was hungry.
as also you acknowledged us in part, that we are your boasting, even as you also are ours, in the day of our Lord Jesus.
He said to them, Then give to Caesar the things that are Caesar's, and to God the things that are God's.
Blessed are the merciful, For they shall obtain mercy.
At no point, therefore, is defeat likely; and as for our previous mistakes, the very fact of their occurrence will teach us better for the future.
Again, he sent another servant to them; and they threw stones at him, wounded him in the head, and sent him away shamefully treated.
So then you are no longer strangers and sojourners, but you are fellow citizens with the saints, and of the household of God,
They took him, killed him, and cast him out of the vineyard.
Part 33 In a woman when there is a stoppage the menses, a discharge of blood from the nose is good.
delivering you from the people, and from the Gentiles, to whom I send you,
In this is my Father glorified, that you bear much fruit; and so you will be my disciples.
If any man thinks himself to be a prophet, or spiritual, let him recognize the things which I write to you, that they are the commandment of the Lord.
The Macronians, however, provided us as good a market as they could, and we therefore regarded them as friends, barbarians though they were, and took by force not a thing that belonged to them.
When someone said that Sparta was saved through its kings, because they were competent to rule, he said, Not so, but through its citizens, because they are obedient to the rulers.
Go ye therefore, and teach all nations, baptizing them in the name of the Father, and of the Son, and of the Holy Ghost.
His appearance was like lightning, and his clothing white as snow.
But evil men and impostors will grow worse and worse, deceiving and being deceived.
When someone inquired how much property he possessed, he said, Not more than enough.
From now on, I tell you before it happens, that when it happens, you may believe that I AM.
For the field is small, but the work is great.
They were exceedingly sorrowful, and each began to ask him, It isn't me, is it, Lord?
It will be that in the place where it was said to them, 'You are not my people, ' There they will be called 'sons of the living God. '
It would be better for him if a millstone were hung around his neck, and he were thrown into the sea, rather than that he should cause one of these little ones to stumble.
Then the high priest tore his clothing, saying, He has spoken blasphemy! Why do we need any more witnesses? Behold, now you have heard his blasphemy.
But Jesus summoned them, and said, You know that the rulers of the Gentiles lord it over them, and their great ones exercise authority over them.
He said, 'A hundred batos of oil. ' He said to him, 'Take your bill, and sit down quickly and write fifty. '
For he might have stood his ground.
It came to pass, when the days were near that he should be taken up, he intently set his face to go to Jerusalem,
the son of Simeon, the son of Judah, the son of Joseph, the son of Jonan, the son of Eliakim,
Without a parable he didn't speak to them; but privately to his own disciples he explained all things.
When, therefore, you see the abomination of desolation, which was spoken of through Daniel the prophet, standing in the holy place (let the reader understand),
But he said this about the Spirit, which those believing in him were to receive. For the Holy Spirit was not yet given, because Jesus wasn't yet glorified.
After the two days he went out from there and went into Galilee.
Jacob went down into Egypt, and he died, himself and our fathers,
The robbers also who were crucified with him cast on him the same reproach.
He said to him, Teacher, I have observed all these things from my youth.
For we are not bold to number or compare ourselves with some of those who commend themselves. But they themselves, measuring themselves by themselves, and comparing themselves with themselves, are without understanding.
But this I say by way of concession, not of commandment.
Now Peter and those who were with him were heavy with sleep, but when they were fully awake, they saw his glory, and the two men who stood with him.
To Philippides the comic poet who was his friend and intimate he said, What of mine shall I sharewith you ? And the other replied, What you will, except your secrets.
The woman said to him, Sir, I perceive that you are a prophet.
The disciples came to the other side and had forgotten to take bread.
He broke down every one.
Our hope for you is steadfast, knowing that, since you are partakers of the sufferings, so also are you of the comfort.
In this part of the continent the Corinthians now came to anchor, and formed an encampment.
Hezekiah became the father of Manasseh. Manasseh became the father of Amon. Amon became the father of Josiah.
We are pressed on every side, yet not crushed; perplexed, yet not to despair;
The Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Grace be with you. Amen.
Being asked how much land the Spartans controlled, he said, As much as they can reach with the spear.
Blessed are those who mourn, For they shall be comforted.
that you won't be sluggish, but imitators of those who through faith and patience inherited the promises.
AGESILAÜS
they became aware of it, and fled to the cities of Lycaonia, Lystra, Derbe, and the surrounding region.
He went forward a little, and fell on the ground, and prayed that, if it were possible, the hour might pass away from him.
DEMOSTHENES
But what did you go out to see? A man clothed in soft clothing? Behold, those who are gorgeously dressed, and live delicately, are in kings' courts.
But afterward he sent to them his son, saying, 'They will respect my son. '
to take part in this ministry and apostleship from which Judas fell away, that he might go to his own place.
How old is this book?
His mercenaries advancing with astonishing speed and ardour, he burst through the gates into what was called the Hecatompedon,
By reason of the exceeding greatness of the revelations, that I should not be exalted excessively, there was given to me a thorn in the flesh, a messenger of Satan to buffet me, that I should not be exalted excessively.
Yet he didn't leave himself without witness, in that he did good and gave you rains from the sky and fruitful seasons, filling our hearts with food and gladness.
For this is how the holy women before, who hoped in God, also adorned themselves, being in subjection to their own husbands:
OTHER SPARTAN WOMEN TO FAME UNKNOWN
For there are eunuchs who were born that way from their mother's womb, and there are eunuchs who were made eunuchs by men; and there are eunuchs who made themselves eunuchs for the Kingdom of Heaven's sake. He who is able to receive it, let him receive it.
DION
For Christ sent me not to baptize, but to preach the gospel not in wisdom of words, so that the cross of Christ wouldn't be made void.
Which is easier, to tell the paralytic, 'Your sins are forgiven; ' or to say, 'Arise, and take up your bed, and walk? '
Those who ate were four thousand men, besides women and children.
He said to her, Your sins are forgiven.
and yet he had his foes to give him lessons, for, apart from their other preparations, they had a hundred thousand men assembled and ready for their needs.
The third poured out his bowl into the rivers and springs of water, and it became blood.
since among the Lydians and most of the foreign peoples it is felt as a great shame that even a man be seen naked.
But Abraham said to him, 'They have Moses and the prophets. Let them listen to them. '
Some of them said, Couldn't this man, who opened the eyes of him who was blind, have also kept this man from dying?
Let as many as are bondservants under the yoke count their own masters worthy of all honor, that the name of God and the doctrine not be blasphemed.
When one member suffers, all the members suffer with it. Or when one member is honored, all the members rejoice with it.
For Herod had laid hold of John, and bound him, and put him in prison for the sake of Herodias, his brother Philip's wife.
However, the son by the handmaid was born according to the flesh, but the son by the free woman was born through promise.
It happened in those days, that Jesus came from Nazareth of Galilee, and was baptized by John in the Jordan.
If you are Christ's, then you are Abraham's seed and heirs according to promise.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with your spirit. Amen.
For I know that after my departure, vicious wolves will enter in among you, not sparing the flock.
Now why do you wait? Arise, be baptized, and wash away your sins, calling on the name of the Lord. '
for our God is a consuming fire.
Part 82 When tubercles form in the urethra, if these suppurate and burst, there is relief.
There are men whose sole business this is and who have this special craft.
Part 67 In such cases, the soft are favorable; and crude, unfavorable.
The apostles and the elders were gathered together to see about this matter.
So that the law has become our tutor to bring us to Christ, that we might be justified by faith.
He said to them the third time, Why? What evil has this man done? I have found no capital crime in him. I will therefore chastise him and release him.
Whoever of you wants to become first among you, shall be servant of all.
Judas and Silas, also being prophets themselves, encouraged the brothers with many words, and strengthened them.
Part 29 If it appear that evacuations are required, they should be made at the commencement of diseases; at the acme it is better to be quiet.
When the senate had preceded Caesar into the session-room, the rest of the conspirators stationed themselves about Caesar’s chair, as if they intended to have some conference with him,
Thus, therefore, the Athenians completed their wall, and commenced their other buildings immediately after the retreat of the Mede.
He said to them, Come after me, and I will make you fishers for men.
James, a servant of God and of the Lord Jesus Christ, to the twelve tribes which are in the Dispersion: Greetings.
And all of you officers, when you have made ready each his own division, come to me that you may acquaint yourselves with your several positions.
Chorus No need for me to call another prophet for that. Messenger The children are dead.
For this cause the Jews persecuted Jesus, and sought to kill him, because he did these things on the Sabbath.
They led Jesus away to the high priest. All the chief priests, the elders, and the scribes came together with him.
If the whole body were an eye, where would the hearing be? If the whole were hearing, where would the smelling be?
Isthmian Odes
If Christ has not been raised, then our preaching is in vain, and your faith also is in vain.
Brothers, be imitators together of me, and note those who walk this way, even as you have us for an example.
For you died, and your life is hidden with Christ in God.
for forty days, being tempted by the devil. He ate nothing in those days. Afterward, when they were completed, he was hungry.
Those griefs give most pain that are seen to be self-chosen.
You are witnesses of these things.
But Jesus said, Don't forbid him, for there is no one who will do a mighty work in my name, and be able quickly to speak evil of me.
But woe to those who are with child and to nursing mothers in those days!
PLEISTARCHUS
So when Jesus came, he found that he had been in the tomb four days already.
Life is hard.
So ended the winter and the ninth year of this war of which Thucydides is the historian.
By faith, Isaac blessed Jacob and Esau, even concerning things to come.
But the boat was now in the middle of the sea, distressed by the waves, for the wind was contrary.
don't cease to give thanks for you, making mention of you in my prayers,
A woman who had a flow of blood for twelve years, who had spent all her living on physicians, and could not be healed by any,
giving thanks to the Father, who made us fit to be partakers of the inheritance of the saints in light;
‘Alcidas and Peloponnesians who share with me the command of this armament, my advice is to sail just as we are to Mitylene, before we have been heard of.
The sea was tossed by a great wind blowing.
When the Ephors ordered him to turn over soldiers to a traitor to lead, he said that he did not entrust another’s men to the man that betrayed his own.
The gatekeeper opens the gate for him, and the sheep listen to his voice. He calls his own sheep by name, and leads them out.
Part 42 It is impossible to remove a strong attack of apoplexy, and not easy to remove a weak attack.
COMPARISON OF LYCURGUS AND NUMA
He used to say that the young men were the walls of Sparta, and the points of their spears its boundaries.
For Zeus and Cheiron were brethren, sons of one sire, but the mother of the one was Rhea, of the other the nymph Nais: and so, though he was born before these, he died after them, for he taught Achilles.
Part 83 In whatever diseases the eyes weep voluntarily, it is a good symptom, but when involuntarily, it is a bad.
The first woe is past. Behold, there are still two woes coming after this.
A good tree can't produce evil fruit, neither can a corrupt tree produce good fruit.
Strangers, a contrary wind has caught you: but even now take me aboard and you shall make your voyage.
But this subject must be reserved for discussion elsewhere, and in this, the twelfth book of my Parallel Lives, I shall begin with that of the elder man.
Chapter 6. HERACLIDES (floruit 360 B. C. )
You will set over them time speaking as a herald.
Also command these things, that they may be without reproach.
Some cavalry also joined the Athenians from their Thessalian allies; but these went over to the Lacedaemonians during the battle.
When the sun had risen, it was scorched; and because it had no root, it withered away.
always learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth.
Or else let these men themselves say what injustice they found in me when I stood before the council,
For each man will bear his own burden.
Thus they showed that all those whose statues stood there had been good men, but quite unlike gods.
PART 47XLVII. It takes away and adds not the same thing ; it takes away from one, and adds to another, the same thing.
Being called upon to decide a suit between two knaves, he ordered the one to flee from Macedonia, and the other to pursue him.
But those who are determined to be rich fall into a temptation and a snare and many foolish and harmful lusts, such as drown men in ruin and destruction.
But I was willing to do nothing without your consent, that your goodness would not be as of necessity, but of free will.
By proceeding as our means allow, we can repeat whatever is well conceived and avoid the repetition of mistakes.
THESEUS
So, then, said Hermes, shooting quick glances from his eyes: and he kept raising his brows and looking this way and that, whistling long and listening to Apollo's story as to an idle tale.
As they went on their way through the cities, they delivered the decrees to them to keep which had been ordained by the apostles and elders who were at Jerusalem.
Let such a person consider this, that what we are in word by letters when we are absent, such are we also in deed when we are present.
Paul's Second Letter to Timothy
So also you, unless you uttered by the tongue words easy to understand, how would it be known what is spoken? For you would be speaking into the air.
Aristeides the Just was always an independent in politics, and avoided political parties, on the ground that influence derived from friends encourages wrongdoing.
for there was but one advantageous course in view of the circumstances, and that was to receive him and put him to death.
And why dost thou depreciate my victory, and make my success a meagre one, by showing thyself no noble or even fitting antagonist for Romans?
The Corinthians also commenced hostilities with the Athenians for private quarrels of their own; but the rest of the Peloponnesians stayed quiet.
I tell you, you will by no means get out of there, until you have paid the very last penny.
XENOPHANES
For all the fullness was pleased to dwell in him;
COMPARISON OF PELOPIDAS ANDMARCELLUS
Is Christ divided? Was Paul crucified for you? Or were you baptized into the name of Paul?
He is a friendly person.
and having a great priest over the house of God,
And now I have observed that some felt upleasantly toward me for this reason too.
for I was hungry, and you didn't give me food to eat; I was thirsty, and you gave me no drink;
whose mouths must be stopped; men who overthrow whole houses, teaching things which they ought not, for dishonest gain's sake.
One man who came to Sparta, and observed the honour which the young render to the old, said, Only in Sparta does it pay to grow old.
But let him ask in faith, without any doubting, for he who doubts is like a wave of the sea, driven by the wind and tossed.
seeing that not even their pastimes were treated by him with neglect, but that, although he was a man of such great affairs, he gave even to trifling things their due attention.
He said to them, How many loaves do you have? Go see. When they knew, they said, Five, and two fish.
From that time he sought opportunity to betray him.
Chapter 1. ANAXIMANDER (611-546 B. C. )
Whosoever of the citizens would not submit to the discipline to which the boys were subjected had no participation in civic rights.
The doors of the palace are opened, and the corpse of Eurydice is disclosed. Chorus The sight is at hand. It is no longer hidden inside.
Chapter 1. HERACLITUS
But the king was angry, and he sent his armies, destroyed those murderers, and burned their city.
Let a woman learn in quietness with all subjection.
Paul's First Letter to the Thessalonians
Therefore do what we tell you. We have four men who have a vow on them.
Those who fed them fled, and went away into the city, and told everything, including what happened to those who were possessed with demons.
In answer to the man who inquired why they wore their hair long, he said, Because this is the natural and inexpensive form of ornament.
As you go, preach, saying, 'The Kingdom of Heaven is at hand!'
For the Romans tried to thrust aside the long spears of their enemies with their swords, or to crowd them back with their shields, or to seize and put them by with their very hands;
Now in the morning, as he returned to the city, he was hungry.
Not many days after, the younger son gathered all of this together and took his journey into a far country. There he wasted his property with riotous living.
PART 53LIII. Marrow nutriment of bone, and through this a callus forms.
Do not see your suppliant dragged, in spite of justice, from the images of the gods, like a horse by the bridle, and see rude hands laid upon my fine-woven robes.
For if the word spoken through angels proved steadfast, and every transgression and disobedience received a just recompense;
saying, Say that his disciples came by night, and stole him away while we slept.
Blessed is that servant whom his lord will find doing so when he comes.
Thou wilt come to the brawling stream, not falsely named.
For he has been counted worthy of more glory than Moses, inasmuch as he who built the house has more honor than the house.
When the ship sails, the captain looks toward the land.
having hope toward God, which these also themselves look for, that there will be a resurrection of the dead, both of the just and unjust.
God is spirit, and those who worship him must worship in spirit and truth.
3. If the Lacedaemonians have any children in their custody, they shall restore them every one to his city.
They were exceedingly astonished, saying to him, Then who can be saved?
When those who were around him saw what was about to happen, they said to him, Lord, shall we strike with the sword?
But the righteousness which is of faith says this, Don't say in your heart, 'Who will ascend into heaven? ' (that is, to bring Christ down);
Joseph and his mother were marveling at the things which were spoken concerning him,
let's draw near with a true heart in fullness of faith, having our hearts sprinkled from an evil conscience, and having our body washed with pure water,
Taking the child by the hand, he said to her, Talitha cumi; which means, being interpreted, Young lady, I tell you, get up.
But they went out and spread abroad his fame in all that land.
who will pay back to everyone according to their works:
and they had a very little house, and one little farm sufficed for all, where they maintained one home together with many wives and children.
Anxiety, yawning, rigor,-wine drunk with an equal proportion of water, removes these complaints.
Behold, they cried out, saying, What do we have to do with you, Jesus, Son of God? Have you come here to torment us before the time?
Paul's Letter to the Philippians
Thus he spoke. And they were all delighted, for they thought they were going into battle with more to support them. And one of them also spoke as follows:
Tell me, you that desire to be under the law, don't you listen to the law?
The man went away, and told the Jews that it was Jesus who had made him well.
and he looked at Jesus as he walked, and said, Behold, the Lamb of God!
There is one glory of the sun, another glory of the moon, and another glory of the stars; for one star differs from another star in glory.
Therefore he who rejects doesn't reject man, but God, who has also given his Holy Spirit to you.
that looked like a jasper stone and a sardius. There was a rainbow around the throne, like an emerald to look at.
But if I cast out demons by Beelzebul, by whom do your sons cast them out? Therefore will they be your judges.
let us hold fast the confession of our hope unyieldingly. For he who promised is faithful.
But I determined this for myself, that I would not come to you again in sorrow.
CAIUS MARCUS CORIOLANUS
VIII. Nutriment is that which is nourishing ; nutriment is that which is fit to nourish ; nutriment is that which is about to nourish.
Why was it the custom among the Cnossians for those who borrowed money to snatch it? Was it that if they defaulted they might be liable to the charge of violence, and so be punished the more?
As Jesus was going up to Jerusalem, he took the twelve disciples aside, and on the way he said to them,
So, because you are lukewarm, and neither hot nor cold, I will vomit you out of my mouth.
Even so, affectionately longing for you, we were well pleased to impart to you, not the gospel of God only, but also our own souls, because you had become very dear to us.
From infancy, you have known the sacred writings which are able to make you wise for salvation through faith, which is in Christ Jesus.
This is how we know that we know him: if we keep his commandments.
He said, 'No, father Abraham, but if one goes to them from the dead, they will repent. '
But of that day or that hour no one knows, not even the angels in heaven, nor the Son, but only the Father.
When the ship was caught, and couldn't face the wind, we gave way to it, and were driven along.
On the second time Joseph was made known to his brothers, and Joseph's race was revealed to Pharaoh.
The third took her, and likewise the seven all left no children, and died.
The Lord's servant must not quarrel, but be gentle towards all, able to teach, patient,
Now this man obtained a field with the reward for his wickedness, and falling headlong, his body burst open, and all his intestines gushed out.
This is he of whom I said, 'After me comes a man who is preferred before me, for he was before me. '
They live in caves.
for it is testified, You are a priest forever, According to the order of Melchizedek.
But an angel of the Lord opened the prison doors by night, and brought them out, and said,
Peter answered him, Explain the parable to us.
He is before all things, and in him all things are held together.
As he was going forth to war he wrote to the Ephors, What I wull to dae I’ll dae as regairds the war or be a deid mon.
Thus was the Roman people, to the end that it might prevail and be greatest in the world, a servant of virtue and honour.
The daughters of Anius, the son of Apollo, to wit, Elais, Spermo, and Oeno, are called the Wine-growers: Dionysus granted them the power of producing oil, corn, and wine from the earth.
Is this Mary?
These were followed by the chariot of Perseus, which bore his arms, and his diadem lying upon his arms.
and said, Where have you laid him? They told him, Lord, come and see.
but to those who are called, both Jews and Greeks, Christ is the power of God and the wisdom of God.
Behold, immediately three men stood before the house where I was, having been sent from Caesarea to me.
Euboedas, on hearing some men praising the wife of another man, could not stomach it, saying, In regard to a woman’s endowments there should be absolutely no talk among those outside the family.
who was foreknown indeed before the foundation of the world, but was revealed at the end of times for your sake,
The sons of Pyrrhus, when they were childrenasked their father to whom he intended to leave the kingdom; and he said, To that one of you who keeps his sword sharper.
Now which of these three do you think seemed to be a neighbor to him who fell among the robbers?
Did I take advantage of you by anyone of them whom I have sent to you?
A disciple is not above his teacher, nor a servant above his lord.
Thinking about that, he came to the house of Mary, the mother of John whose surname was Mark, where many were gathered together and were praying.
Meanwhile the Peloponnesian vessels sailed by, and rounding Sunium anchored between Thoricus and Prasiae, and afterwards arrived at Oropus.
to Jesus, the mediator of a new covenant, and to the blood of sprinkling that speaks better than that of Abel.
They were all amazed and marveled, saying to one another, Behold, aren't all these who speak Galileans?
I desire therefore that the younger widows marry, bear children, rule the household, and give no occasion to the adversary for reviling.
Grace, mercy, and peace will be with us, from God the Father, and from the Lord Jesus Christ, the Son of the Father, in truth and love.
They are overweening, maddened, with unholy rage, shameless dogs that do not respect the gods.
Therefore since all these things are thus to be destroyed, what manner of persons ought you to be in holy living and godliness,
Now he who establishes us with you in Christ, and anointed us, is God;
To the man who urged him to create a democracy in the State his answer was, Do you first create a democracy in your own house.
Inasmuch as he was not made priest without the taking of an oath
And they sent Callimachus the Arcadian, Ariston the Athenian, and Samolas the Achaean. These men accordingly set out.
The child was growing, and becoming strong in spirit, and was in the desert until the day of his public appearance to Israel.
The ship is in Byzantium.
Indeed you bear the name of a Jew, and rest on the law, and glory in God,
holding to the faithful word which is according to the teaching, that he may be able to exhort in the sound doctrine, and to convict those who contradict him.
For it has been the good pleasure of Macedonia and Achaia to make a certain contribution for the poor among the saints who are at Jerusalem.
The woman who has an unbelieving husband, and he is content to live with her, let her not leave her husband.
An armistice was accordingly concluded by Lacedaemon and her allies upon the terms following:
But, beloved, we are persuaded of better things for you, and things that accompany salvation, even though we speak like this.
Question X. WHY, WHEN THE ECLIPTIC PERIODS OF THE SUN AND THE MOON ARE EQUAL IN NUMBER, THERE ARE MORE ECLIPSES OF THE MOON THAN OF THE SUN.
He called for lights and sprang in, and, fell down trembling before Paul and Silas,
You will seek me, and won't find me; and where I am, you can't come.
LABOTAS
Time for dinner.
But now you glory in your boasting. All such boasting is evil.
What is this word that he said, 'You will seek me, and won't find me; and where I am, you can't come? '
But they were filled with rage, and talked with one another about what they might do to Jesus.
Of how much more value then is a man than a sheep! Therefore it is lawful to do good on the Sabbath day.
Jesus answered them, Most assuredly I tell you, everyone who commits sin is the bondservant of sin.
Gaius, my host and host of the whole assembly, greets you. Erastus, the treasurer of the city, greets you, as does Quartus, the brother.
What do you think? They answered, He is worthy of death!
See then the goodness and severity of God. Toward those who fell, severity; but toward you, goodness, if you continue in his goodness; otherwise you also will be cut off.
But when these things begin to happen, look up, and lift up your heads, because your redemption is near.
He said these things, and after that, he said to them, Our friend, Lazarus, has fallen asleep, but I am going so that I may awake him out of sleep.
the son of Methuselah, the son of Enoch, the son of Jared, the son of Mahalaleel, the son of Cainan,
But do you want to know, vain man, that faith apart from works is dead?
Nathanael said to him, Can any good thing come out of Nazareth? Philip said to him, Come and see.
Dare any of you, having a matter against his neighbor, go to law before the unrighteous, and not before the saints?
But Paul cried with a loud voice, saying, Don't harm yourself, for we are all here!
Therefore, my brothers, beloved and longed for, my joy and crown, so stand firm in the Lord, my beloved.
However, the Most High doesn't dwell in temples made with hands, as the prophet says,
Even so, I tell you, there is joy in the presence of the angels of God over one sinner repenting.
for they all saw him, and were troubled. But he immediately spoke with them, and said to them, Cheer up! It is I! Don't be afraid.
Don't think that I came to send peace on the earth. I didn't come to send peace, but a sword.
When they were at Salamis, they proclaimed the word of God in the synagogues of the Jews. They had also John as their attendant.
When someone saw almonds of the hard sortselling at double the price of others, he said, Are stones so scarce?
But when his disciples saw this, they were indignant, saying, Why this waste?
Passing by Mysia, they came down to Troas.
One of his disciples, whom Jesus loved, was at the table, leaning against Jesus' breast.
and one third of the creatures which were in the sea died, those who had life. One third of the ships were destroyed.
Everyone who falls on that stone will be broken to pieces, But it will crush whomever it falls on to dust.
The total number of prisoners taken it would be difficult to state exactly, but it could not have been less than seven thousand.
Jesus said, Most assuredly I tell you, there is no one who has left house, or brothers, or sisters, or father, or mother, or wife, or children, or land, for my sake, and for the gospel's sake,
For we hear that some among you are living irresponsibly, working at nothing, but being busybodies.
Then he came to Simon Peter. He said to him, Lord, do you wash my feet?
When someone asked why he ordered a frequent change of camping-place, he said, So that we may inflict greater injury upon our enemies.
Life is more than food, and the body is more than clothing.
I will therefore chastise him and release him.
having heard the things concerning Jesus, came up behind him in the crowd, and touched his clothes.
Part 65 A strong heat about the stomach and cardialgia are bad symptoms in fevers.
They didn't understand that he spoke to them about the Father.
Now I also forgive whomever you forgive anything. For if indeed I have forgiven anything, I have forgiven that one for your sakes in the presence of Christ,
Toil to toil brings toil.
Salaethus having himself ceased to expect the fleet to arrive, now armed the commons with heavy armour, which they had not before possessed, with the intention of making a sortie against the Athenians.
neither is he served by men's hands, as though he needed anything, seeing he himself gives to all life and breath, and all things.
But he said, I am not crazy, most excellent Festus, but boldly declare words of truth and reasonableness.
Some of the Sadducees came to him, those who deny that there is a resurrection.
For these are days of vengeance, that all things which are written may be fulfilled.
When the hour had come, he sat down with the twelve apostles.
SEMIRAMIS
If you remain in me, and my words remain in you, you will ask whatever you desire, and it will be done to you.
We must purge and move such humors as are concocted, not such as are unconcocted, unless they are struggling to get out, which is mostly not the case.
Therefore you need to be in subjection, not only because of the wrath, but also for conscience' sake.
Now Herod the tetrarch heard of all that was done by him; and he was very perplexed, because it was said by some that John had risen from the dead,
He said to him, What is written in the law? How do you read it?
At this answer Cassius was vexed, and the rest also were not a little annoyed by Atillius. So it was presently decided to give battle on the next day.
For you always have the poor with you, but you don't always have me.
Chapter 7. PERIANDER (tyrant 625-585 B. C. )
the Lord knows how to deliver the godly out of temptation and to keep the unrighteous under punishment for the day of judgment;
In cases which come to a crisis on the seventh day, the urine has a red nubecula on the fourth day, and the other symptoms accordingly.
Part 39 If a woman who is not with child, nor has brought forth, have milk, her menses are obstructed.
They zealously seek you in no good way. No, they desire to alienate you, that you may seek them.
But Hicetas was afraid when he learned that Timoleon had crossed the strait, and sent for great numbers of the Carthaginian triremes.
Immediately he who received the five talents went and traded with them, and made another five talents.
When Xerxes wrote again, Hand over your arms, he wrote in reply, Come and take them.
POLYCRATIDAS
Immediately one of them ran, and took a sponge, and filled it with vinegar, and put it on a reed, and gave him a drink.
If Satan has risen up against himself, and is divided, he can't stand, but has an end.
he shall not honor his father or mother. ' You have made the commandment of God void because of your tradition.
For this cause I, Paul, am the prisoner of Christ Jesus on behalf of you Gentiles,
But Dion either chose unwisely and entrusted himself to bad men, or else treated the men of his choice so as to turn them from good to bad, neither of which mistakes a prudent man ought to make.
in whom you also are built together for a habitation of God in the Spirit.
I say the things which I have seen with my Father; and you also do the things which you have seen with your father.
There is also a difference between a wife and a virgin. The unmarried woman cares about the things of the Lord, that she may be holy both in body and in spirit. But she who is married cares about the things of the world how she may please her husband.
There were shepherds in the same country staying in the field, and keeping watch by night over their flock.
He went with him, and a great multitude followed him, and they pressed upon him on all sides.
When a great multitude came together, and people from every city were coming to him, he spoke by a parable.
A cloud came, overshadowing them, and a voice came out of the cloud, This is my beloved Son. Listen to him.
Being therefore always of good courage, and knowing that, while we are at home in the body, we are absent from the Lord;
He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
But Dion, fearing to disembark near the enemy, and wishing to land farther along the coast, sailed past Pachynus.
I have to see your hand.
Fill up, then, the measure of your fathers.
Don't be overcome by evil, but overcome evil with good.
You see that faith worked with his works, and by works faith was perfected;
It is folly to think the state we live in is so great that we shall suffer nothing serious.
I always thank my God concerning you, for the grace of God which was given you in Christ Jesus;
Jesus said to him, Don't forbid him, for he who is not against us is for us.
Where is Mary?
What he has seen and heard, of that he testifies; and no one receives his witness.
It was the Feast of the Dedication at Jerusalem.
The Kingdom of Heaven is like a certain king, who made a marriage feast for his son,
They gave him sour wine to drink mixed with gall. When he had tasted it, he would not drink.
Amphitryon Hush! let me note his breathing; come, let me put my ear close.
Even things without life, giving a voice, whether pipe or harp, if they didn't give a distinction in the sounds, how would it be known what is piped or harped?
At Lystra a certain man sat, impotent in his feet, a cripple from his mother's womb, who never had walked.
Even so ought husbands also to love their own wives as their own bodies. He who loves his own wife loves himself.
Immediately there was in their synagogue a man with an unclean spirit, and he cried out,
Jesus responded, as he taught in the temple, How is it that the scribes say that the Christ is the son of David?
Where is the dog?
They seized him, and led him away, and brought him into the high priest's house. But Peter followed from a distance.
By that time it was late, and they would not be likely to see the hands.
Part 25 It is not a good sign for an erysipelas spreading outwardly to be determined inward; but for it to be determined outward from within is good.
subjecting yourselves one to another in the fear of Christ.
But solid food is for those who are full grown, who by reason of use have their senses exercised to discern good and evil.
If you therefore will worship before me, it will all be yours.
For who, when they heard, rebelled? No, didn't all those who came out of Egypt by Moses?
Chapter 9. CARNEADES (c. 213-129 B C. )
Part 39 Old have fewer complaints than young; but those chronic diseases which do befall them generally never leave them.
So let a man think of us as Christ's servants, and stewards of God's mysteries.
COMPARISON OF THESEUS AND ROMULUS
Paul, Silvanus, and Timothy, to the assembly of the Thessalonians in God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ:
Now on the next day, which was the day after the Preparation Day, the chief priests and the Pharisees were gathered together to Pilate,
The young man said to him, All these things I have observed from my youth. What do I still lack?
When they had tied him up with thongs, Paul asked the centurion who stood by, Is it lawful for you to scourge a man who is a Roman, and not found guilty?
let your wives keep silent in the assemblies, for it has not been permitted for them to speak; but let them be in subjection, as the law also says.
Then two men will be in the field: one will be taken and one will be left;
The enemy who sowed them is the devil. The harvest is the end of the age, and the reapers are angels.
Any citizen or stranger who pleases, joins in the procession: and the female relatives are there to wail at the burial.
Why do we also stand in jeopardy every hour?
All were weeping and mourning her, but he said, Don't weep. She isn't dead, but sleeping.
There was a public feast of Aphrodite.
Immediately the father of the child cried out with tears, I believe. Help my unbelief!
Therefore Jesus did many other signs in the presence of his disciples, which are not written in this book;
Part 4 A convulsion, or hiccup, supervening upon hypercatharsis is bad.
CHARILLUS
Jesus answered, I don't have a demon, but I honor my Father, and you dishonor me.
They reprimanded the young man from the gymnasium because he knew well about the road to Pylaea.
Accordingly, as they had not met him at Eleusis or the Thriasian plain, he tried if they could be provoked to a sally by the spectacle of a camp at Acharnae.
However, when Cams began to hold secret communications with the officers of Brutus, and incited a revolt, Brutus put him on board a ship and kept him under guard.
For who has known the mind of the Lord? Or who has been his counselor?
After these things he was revealed in another form to two of them, as they walked, on their way into the country.
The nearest approach to a coalition took place in the old war between Chalcis and Eretria; this was a quarrel in which the rest of the Hellenic name did to some extent take sides.
Even now the ax also lies at the root of the trees. Every tree therefore that doesn't bring forth good fruit is cut down, and thrown into the fire.
When they had arrived, and had gathered the assembly together, they reported all the things that God had done with them, and that he had opened a door of faith to the Gentiles.
ANAXARCHUS
The second woe is past. Behold, the third woe comes quickly.
So they sent Archedemus to Plato, and Dionysius also sent a trireme for him, and friends to entreat his return.
Judas Iscariot, who was one of the twelve, went away to the chief priests, that he might deliver him to them.
While he said these things, a cloud came and overshadowed them, and they were afraid as they entered into the cloud.
Peter remembered the word which Jesus had said to him, Before the cock crows, you will deny me three times. He went out and wept bitterly.
Phormio also coasted along to Molycrian Rhium, and anchored outside it with twenty ships, the same as he had fought with before.
When he had said this, he cried with a loud voice, Lazarus, come out!
The apostles, when they had returned, told him what things they had done. He took them, and withdrew apart to a deserted place of a city called Bethsaida.
for he says, At an acceptable time I listened to you, In a day of salvation I helped you. Behold, now is the acceptable time. Behold, now is the day of salvation.
I robbed other assemblies, taking wages from them that I might serve you.
The land of Zebulun and the land of Naphtali, Toward the sea, beyond the Jordan, Galilee of the Gentiles,
and, A stone of stumbling, and a rock of offense. For they stumble at the word, being disobedient, whereunto also they were appointed.
As silver and gold are tried in a furnace, so are choice hearts with the Lord.
The friend educates the friend.
After a little while someone else saw him, and said, You also are one of them!But Peter answered, Man, I am not!
However, in order that the rest of the thirty Spartiatae might not laugh at him, as they would if he gave up his plan, he set out with the force that he had.
This tree does not bear fruit.
Amphitryon My own son’s children, woe is him! he was their father and butcher both, hardening his heart to the bloody deed. Theseus Hush! good words only!
The women, who had come with him out of Galilee, followed after, and saw the tomb, and how his body was laid.
Zacharias was troubled when he saw him, and fear fell upon him.
As I exhorted you to stay at Ephesus when I was going into Macedonia, that you might charge certain men not to teach a different doctrine,
He who has the Son has the life. He who doesn't have God's Son doesn't have the life.
'These people draw near to me with their mouth, And honor me with their lips; But their heart is far from me.
For we are his workmanship, created in Christ Jesus for good works, which God prepared before that we would walk in them.
QUESTION
So, to begin with, they held an assembly of their own calling, and chose Heracleides admiral.
Those who had eaten were about four thousand. Then he sent them away.
so Christ also, having been once offered to bear the sins of many, will appear a second time, without sin, to those who are eagerly waiting for him for salvation.
who for my life, laid down their own necks; to whom not only I give thanks, but also all the assemblies of the Gentiles.
Amphitryon Ah me! alas!
When the Paeonians learned that the Persians were coming against them, they gathered together and marched away to the sea, thinking that the Persians would attempt to attack them by that way.
He released him who had been thrown into prison for insurrection and murder, for whom they asked, but he delivered Jesus up to their will.
May the Lord grant mercy to the house of Onesiphorus, for he often refreshed me, and was not ashamed of my chain,
Command and teach these things.
For as you in time past were disobedient to God, but now have obtained mercy by their disobedience,
Chapter 2. ANAXIMENES (flor. c. 546 B. C. )
For the bread of God is that which comes down out of heaven, and gives life to the world.
They worshiped him, and returned to Jerusalem with great joy,
whereof I was made a servant, according to the gift of that grace of God which was given me according to the working of his power.
They departed, and went throughout the villages, preaching the gospel, and healing everywhere.
The whole multitude of the people were praying outside at the hour of incense.
Let not many of you be teachers, my brothers, knowing that we will receive heavier judgment.
In them the prophecy of Isaiah is fulfilled, which says, 'By hearing you will hear, And will in no way understand; Seeing you will see, And will in no way perceive:
And by this we know that we are of the truth, and persuade our hearts before him,
I will never follow thee.
the son of Josa, the son of Eliezer, the son of Jorim, the son of Matthat, the son of Levi,
They live in a house.
How narrow is the gate, and restricted is the way that leads to life! Few are those who find it.
and they sat and watched him there.
and laid hands on the apostles, and put them in public custody.
The battle was fought at Tanagra in Boeotia. After heavy loss on both sides victory declared for the Lacedaemonians and their allies.
Learning that he was being maligned by a certain man, he said, It is kingly to be ill spoken of for doing good.
It is doubtless not profitable for me to boast. For I will come to visions and revelations of the Lord.
Antiochus the Third wrote to the cities that, if he should write ordering anything to be done contrary to the laws, they should pay no attention, assuming that he had acted in ignorance.
Therefore don't let sin reign in your mortal body, that you should obey it in its lusts.
He will himself show you a large upper room furnished and ready. Make ready for us there.
And if there is some goal of actions that we desire for itself, it is clear that that will be the Good and the best.
Chapter 3. POLEMO (Head of the Academy from 314 to c. 276 B. C. )
Coming up at that very hour, she gave thanks to the Lord, and spoke of him to all those who were looking for redemption in Jerusalem.
He said to them, Foolish men, and slow of heart to believe in all that the prophets have spoken!
His mercy is for generations of generations on those who fear him.
and Nasica, after riding out to the skirmishers, saw that the whole force of the enemy was all but at close quarters.
I will pray to the Father, and he will give you another Counselor, that he may be with you forever,
But he warned them, and commanded them to tell this to no one,
Nor is there any weapon of thought wherewith to defend.
even so these also have now been disobedient, that by the mercy shown to you they may also obtain mercy.
The second took her, and died, leaving no children behind him. The third likewise;
The manager said within himself, 'What will I do, seeing that my lord is taking away the management position from me? I don't have strength to dig. I am ashamed to beg.
then let those who are in Judea flee to the mountains.
Which of the two did the will of his father? They said to him, The first. Jesus said to them, Most assuredly I tell you that the tax collectors and the prostitutes are entering into the Kingdom of God before you.
and said, Behold, I see the heavens opened, and the Son of Man standing on the right hand of God!
When he returns, he finds it swept and put in order.
Blessed are those who hunger and thirst after righteousness, For they shall be filled.
I had to go therefore to all those who appeared to have some knowledge.
I beg you for my child, whom I have become the father of in my chains, Onesimus,
Herondas was at Athens when a man there was found guilty on a charge of not having any occupation, and, when he heard of this, he bade them point out to him the man who had been convicted of the freeman’s crime!
He was the first who went out and showed himself so good a man at all points as to leave behind him the conviction that the rest were like him.
Inferior specimens (that is to say, the majority) show one or more of the following defects. They are small, hook-nosed, grey-eyed, blinking, ungainly, stiff, weak, thin-coated, lanky, ill-proportioned, cowardly, dull-scented, unsound in the feet.
that they all might be judged who didn't believe the truth, but had pleasure in unrighteousness.
When did we see you as a stranger, and take you in; or naked, and clothe you?
When a Megarian in the common council used plain words to him, he said, My friend, your words need a city to back them.
My parents live in the country.
Then what if you would see the Son of Man ascending to where he was before?
Ah! that Cyrus were living!
Part 52When doing everything according to indications, although things may not turn out agreeably to indication, we should not change to another while the original appearances remain.
Hiero, who succeeded Gelo as despot, used to say that not one of the persons who spoke frankly to him chose the wrong time.
After these things he went out, and saw a tax collector named Levi sitting at the tax office, and said to him, Follow me!
Behold, there are some who are last who will be first, and there are some who are first who will be last.
Aren't all of his sisters with us? Where then did this man get all of these things?
So now it is no more I that do it, but sin which dwells in me.
The glory which you have given me, I have given to them; that they may be one, even as we are one;
But as the disciples stood around him, he rose up, and entered into the city. On the next day he went out with Barnabas to Derbe.
The baggage animals extended a long away, because the road they were following was narrow.
that you put away, as concerning your former way of life, the old man, that grows corrupt after the lusts of deceit;
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ, the love of God, and the communion of the Holy Spirit, be with you all. Amen.
For at that time parsley was still used for wreaths at the Isthmian, as it is now at the Nemean games, and it was not long ago that the pine came into use instead.
All who sat in the council, fastening their eyes on him, saw his face like it was the face of an angel.
For whatever things were written before were written for our learning, that through patience and through encouragement of the Scriptures we might have hope.
But whoever keeps his word, God's love has most assuredly been perfected in him. This is how we know that we are in him:
Therefore I beg you to take some food, for this is for your safety; for there will not a hair perish from the head of any of you.
They will see his face, and his name will be on their foreheads.
When he had seen the vision, immediately we sought to go out to Macedonia, concluding that the Lord had called us to preach the gospel to them.
Behold, the ships also, though they are so big and are driven by fierce winds, are yet guided by a very small rudder, wherever the pilot desires.
You blind guides, who strain out a gnat, and swallow a camel!
Now I have told you before it happens so that, when it happens, you may believe.
According to the grace of God which was given to me, as a wise master builder I laid a foundation, and another builds on it. But let each man be careful how he builds on it.
Part 26 It is better that a fever succeed to a convulsion, than a convulsion to a fever.
Don't run away.
Does he thank that servant because he did the things that were commanded? I think not.
Honor all men. Love the brotherhood. Fear God. Honor the king.
Every day Jesus was teaching in the temple, and every night he would go out, and spent the night on the mountain that is called Olivet.
Paul's Letter to Philemon
being approved by good works, if she has brought up children, if she has been hospitable to strangers, if she has washed the saints' feet, if she has relieved the afflicted, and if she has diligently followed every good work.
lest there be any sexually immoral person, or profane person, as Esau, who sold his birthright for one meal.
For I do not wish to see you now in passing, but I hope to stay a while with you, if the Lord permits.
The angel said to them, Don't be afraid, for behold, I bring you good news of great joy which will be to all the people.
Beloved, while I was very eager to write to you about our common salvation, I was constrained to write to you exhorting you to contend earnestly for the faith which was once for all delivered to the saints.
ARGILEONIS
Such, they say, was the dismissal of Plato; Plato’s own words, however, do not entirely agree with this account.
So the word of the Lord was growing and becoming mighty.
Not only so, but we also rejoice in God through our Lord Jesus Christ, through whom we have now received the reconciliation.
PAUSANIAS, THE SON OF PLEISTOANAX
An angel of the Lord appeared to him, standing on the right side of the altar of incense.
but a certain fearful expectation of judgment, and a fierceness of fire which will devour the adversaries.
When forty years were fulfilled, an angel of the Lord appeared to him in the wilderness of Mount Sinai , in a flame of fire in a bush.
amid which certain Jews from Asia found me purified in the temple, with no crowd, nor yet with tumult.
Part 3 Hiccup and redness of the eyes, when they supervene on vomiting, are bad.
Therefore it is already altogether a defect in you, that you have lawsuits one with another. Why not rather be wronged? Why not rather be defrauded?
Again he went out about the sixth and the ninth hour, and did likewise.
It happened that when Jesus had finished these parables, he departed from there.
The multitude and the rulers of the city were troubled when they heard these things.
Then they swore great oaths to each other, and sallying out fell fighting, all the men ofXanthus .
Disputes arose over it, so the Spartans resolved to ask the oracle at Delphi if Demaratus was the son of Ariston.
His disciples said to him, You see the multitude pressing against you, and you say, 'Who touched me? '
He found more cause for pride in his working quite as hard as anybody, and in his mastery over himself, rather than in his being king.
What brought you into Thebes was the crisis and fear and need of alliance, not Demosthenes.
Brothers, my heart's desire and my prayer to God is for Israel, that they may be saved.
Flee sexual immorality! Every sin that a man does is outside the body, but he who commits sexual immorality sins against his own body.
but he, when he had offered one sacrifice for sins for ever, sat down on the right hand of God;
It is not right to vex ourselves at things, for they care nought about it.
Let us rejoice and be exceedingly glad, and let us give the glory to him. For the marriage of the Lamb has come, and his wife has made herself ready.
Chapter 8. MENIPPUS
Now no man at the table knew why he said this to him.
These were the motives of Archidamus for remaining at Acharnae.
By faith, Abraham, being tested, offered up Isaac. Yes, he who had gladly received the promises was offering up his one and only son;
They were astonished at his teaching, for he taught them as having authority, and not as the scribes.
One, two, three, four, five, six, seven, eight, nine, ten.
Now he who made us for this very thing is God, who also gave to us the down payment of the Spirit.
Question IX
Mary said, Behold, the handmaid of the Lord; be it to me according to your word. The angel departed from her.
Ananias, hearing these words, fell down and died. Great fear came on all who heard these things.
Therefore the Son of Man is lord even of the Sabbath.
Meanwhile, as soon as they had gone forth from the city, Anaxibius closed the gates and made proclamation that any soldier who might be caught inside the city would be sold as a slave.
For in Christ Jesus neither circumcision amounts to anything, nor uncircumcision, but faith working through love.
Once when he was withdrawing before the advance of the enemy, he said that he was not fleeing, but was following up his advantage, which lay in the rear.
Now Jesus loved Martha, and her sister, and Lazarus.
Nathanael said to him, How do you know me? Jesus answered him, Before Philip called you, when you were under the fig tree, I saw you.
Therefore, brothers, be more diligent to make your calling and election sure. For if you do these things, you will never stumble.
When he had said these things, as they were looking, he was taken up, and a cloud received him out of their sight.
He made no distinction between us and them, cleansing their hearts by faith.
The second is like this, 'You shall love your neighbor as yourself. ' There is no other commandment greater than these.
He saw a certain poor widow casting in two lepta.
Are we beginning again to commend ourselves? Or do we need, as do some, letters of commendation to you or from you?
though I myself might have confidence even in the flesh. If any other man thinks that he has confidence in the flesh, I yet more:
He, leaning back, as he was, on Jesus' breast, asked him, Lord, who is it?
Then many will stumble, and will deliver up one another, and will hate one another.
He was pursuing his studies at Apollonia when Caesar was killed, and had been awaiting him there after his determination to march at once against the Parthians.
But I am in a dilemma between the two, having the desire to depart and be with Christ, which is far better.
Thus has the Lord done to me in the days in which he looked at me, to take away my reproach among men.
He went away, and talked with the chief priests and captains about how he might deliver him to them.
that he might redeem those who were under the law, that we might receive the adoption of sons.
CLEOMENES
He said to them, Don't be amazed. You seek Jesus, the Nazarene, who has been crucified. He has risen. He is not here. Behold, the place where they laid him!
Hail, goddess, queen of well-builded Cyprus! with you have I begun; now I will turn me to another hymn.
For the nations of the world seek after all of these things, but your Father knows that you need these things.
While he was still speaking, they came from the synagogue ruler's house saying, Your daughter is dead. Why bother the Teacher any more?
For as many of you as were baptized into Christ have put on Christ.
But Elymas the sorcerer (for so is his name by interpretation) withstood them, seeking to turn aside the proconsul from the faith.
Therefore I was displeased with that generation, And said, 'They always err in their heart, But they didn't know my ways; '
Of the rest some joined in the expedition as subjects of the Athenians, others as independent allies, others as mercenaries.
Jesus said to them, Most assuredly I tell you that you who have followed me, in the regeneration when the Son of Man will sit on the throne of his glory, you also will sit on twelve thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.
Therefore, putting away all filthiness and overflowing of wickedness, receive with humility the implanted word, which is able to save your souls.
by glory and dishonor, by evil report and good report; as deceivers, and yet true;
The soldier kicked Layla awake.
and let him who is on the housetop not go down, nor enter in, to take anything out of his house.
But if we hope for that which we don't see, we wait for it with patience.
Again he denied it with an oath, I don't know the man.
However, certain sayings of his are preserved, from which it would appear that he accommodated himself to his present circumstances not ignobly.
For we are not commending ourselves to you again, but speak as giving you occasion of boasting on our behalf, that you may have something to answer those who boast in appearance, and not in heart.
ALCIBIADES
Besides, I did not see that there was any premeditation of wounding in the case of a man who gave a wound without meaning to kill. For who is so simple as to premeditate a long time ahead how some enemy of his shall come by a wound?
A bondservant doesn't live in the house forever. A son remains forever.
Jesus said therefore to the twelve, You don't also want to go away, do you?
Chapter 4. ONESICRITUS (flor. 330 B. C. )
He went out from there. He came into his own country, and his disciples followed him.
If any man doesn't obey our word in this letter, note that man, that you have no company with him, to the end that he may be ashamed.
and saying, If you are the King of the Jews, save yourself!
Being asked how anybody could best make himself agreeable to people, he said, If his conversation with them is most pleasant and his suggestions most profitable.
Where does the word come from?
At any rate, when someone inquired what advantage the laws of Lycurgus had brought to Sparta, he said, Contempt for pleasures.
While Epameinondas the Theban was general, panic never fell upon his troops.
seeing that you can recognize that it is not more than twelve days since I went up to worship at Jerusalem.
The disciples of John told him about all these things.
Then Hermes and Apollo of the Silver Bow stood at the knees of Zeus: and Zeus who thunders on high spoke to his glorious son and asked him:
The young men arose and wrapped him up, and they carried him out and buried him.
Every tree that doesn't grow good fruit is cut down, and thrown into the fire.
Likewise, even as it happened in the days of Lot: they ate, they drank, they bought, they sold, they planted, they built;
But as to Israel he says, All day long I stretched out my hands to a disobedient and contrary people.
Won't God avenge his elect, who are crying out to him day and night, and yet he exercises patience with them?
So he came to a city of Samaria, called Sychar, near the parcel of ground that Jacob gave to his son, Joseph.
The Spirit said to Philip, Go near, and join yourself to this chariot.
For a woman, whose little daughter had an unclean spirit, having heard of him, came and fell down at his feet.
Part 20 Mortification or suppuration upon erysipelas is bad.
Brothers, children of the stock of Abraham, and those among you who fear God, the word of this salvation is sent out to you.
Are we safe?
Amphitryon Ah misery!
Jesus spoke this parable to them, but they didn't understand what he was telling them.
I write to you, fathers, because you know him who is from the beginning. I write to you, young men, because you have overcome the evil one. I write to you, little children, because you know the Father.
But you, brothers, don't be weary in doing well.
This is a faithful saying: if a man seeks the office of an overseer, he desires a good work.
For I spoke not from myself, but the Father who sent me, he gave me a commandment, what I should say, and what I should speak.
we accept it in all ways and in all places, most excellent Felix, with all thankfulness.
A great multitude of the people followed him, including women who also mourned and lamented him.
He who overcomes, and he who keeps my works to the end, to him I will give authority over the nations.
The sun is rising already.
MEMNON
But you, man of God, flee these things, and follow after righteousness, godliness, faith, love, patience, and gentleness.
To Aphrodite
Or do we provoke the Lord to jealousy? Are we stronger than he?
He said he wondered how a city could continue to exist unscathed in which a fish sold for more than an ox !
Death in no way differs from life.
That servant, who knew his lord's will, and didn't prepare, nor do what he wanted, will be beaten with many stripes,
For what is our hope, or joy, or crown of rejoicing? Isn't it even you, before our Lord Jesus at his coming?
Therefore he says also in another psalm, 'You will not allow your Holy One to see decay. '
How then was it counted? When he was in circumcision, or in uncircumcision? Not in circumcision, but in uncircumcision.
and perseverance, proven character; and proven character, hope:
When he saw that it pleased the Jews, he proceeded to seize Peter also. This was during the days of unleavened bread.
Part 8 We must be guarded in purging phthisical persons upward.
Accordingly Alcibiades set up a trophy, and after remaining there a few days, sailed to Samos, and from Samos as a base prosecuted the war.
Part 2 Livid flesh on a diseased bone is bad.
for he was yet in the loins of his father when Melchizedek met him.
Christ taught forgiveness.
For God called us not for uncleanness, but in sanctification.
He who falls on this stone will be broken to pieces, but on whoever it will fall, it will scatter him as dust.
As they were eating, Jesus took bread, and when he had blessed, he broke it, and gave to them, and said, Take, eat. This is my body.
They have testified about your love before the assembly. You will do well to send them forward on their journey in a manner worthy of God,
The acharnus is mentioned by Callias in his Cyclops A harp-fish roast, besides a ray, The head too of a tunny, And eel, some crabs, and this acharnus, The great Aenean dainty.
Or don't you know that the unrighteous will not inherit the Kingdom of God? Don't be deceived. Neither the sexually immoral, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor male prostitutes, nor homosexuals,
For you yourselves know well that the day of the Lord comes like a thief in the night.
The Gospel According to Mark
For kindness opportunely shown has a greater power of removing old grievances than the facts of the case may warrant.
Beloved, I beg you as sojourners and pilgrims, to abstain from fleshly lusts, which war against the soul;
Another of his disciples said to him, Lord, allow me first to go and bury my father.
The Pharisees and the scribes murmured, saying, This man welcomes sinners, and eats with them.
saying, You went in to uncircumcised men, and ate with them!
For he who speaks in another language speaks not to men, but to God; for no one understands; but in the Spirit he speaks mysteries.
My brothers, don't hold the faith of our Lord Jesus Christ of glory with partiality.
Judas then, having taken a detachment of soldiers and officers from the chief priests and the Pharisees, came there with lanterns, torches, and weapons.
Having kept careful watch against her father's return, she (Tarpeia) promises Tatius to betray the garrison.
When he had come to his end, Demades the orator said that the army of the Macedonians, because of its lack of leadership, looked like the Cyclops after his eye had been put out.
Why don't you understand my speech? Because you can't hear my word.
For we, he went on, before we became friends of yours, marched whithersoever we chose through this country, plundering where we wished and burning where we wished;
By this everyone will know that you are my disciples, if you have love for one another.
However others say that she met her end at the hands of Ulysses himself on account of Amphinomus, for they allege that she was seduced by him.
Therefore remember that once you, the Gentiles in the flesh, who are called uncircumcision by that which is called circumcision, (in the flesh, made by hands);
To those who sold the doves, he said, Take these things out of here! Don't make my Father's house a marketplace!
Now there were some present at the same time who told him about the Galilaeans, whose blood Pilate had mixed with their sacrifices.
since indeed there is one God who will justify the circumcised by faith, and the uncircumcised through faith.
Chorus Oh raise a shout of triumph over the escape of our master’s house from its misery and the wasting of its wealth by two who were unclean, its grievous fortune!
I will give power to my two witnesses, and they will prophesy one thousand two hundred sixty days, clothed in sackcloth.
Don't you understand that whatever goes into the mouth passes into the belly, and then out of the body?
He was casting out a demon, and it was mute. It happened, when the demon had gone out, the mute man spoke; and the multitudes marveled.
You have neither part nor lot in this matter, for your heart isn't right before God.
When one of the Athenians said, Nicander, you Spartans insist too much on your principle of doing no work, he said, Quite true; we do not make work of this thing or that thing in your haphazard fashion.
and so fearful was the appearance, that Moses said, I am terrified and trembling.
This is a symbol of baptism, which now saves you - not the putting away of the filth of the flesh, but the answer of a good conscience toward God, through the resurrection of Jesus Christ,
Now after the Sabbath, as it began to dawn on the first day of the week, Mary Magdalene and the other Mary came to see the tomb.
He gave him no answer, not even one word, so that the governor marveled greatly.
He answered them, Which of you, if your son or an ox fell into a well, wouldn't immediately pull him out on a Sabbath day?
Some therefore cried one thing, and some another, for the assembly was in confusion. Most of them didn't know why they had come together.
as sorrowful, yet always rejoicing; as poor, yet making many rich; as having nothing, and yet possessing all things.
He said to them, Did you receive the Holy Spirit when you believed? They said to him, No, we haven't even heard that there is a Holy Spirit.
For I reckon that I am not at all behind the very best apostles.
If therefore the Son makes you free, you will be free indeed.
Open your hearts to us. We wronged no one. We corrupted no one. We took advantage of no one.
not in the way of service only when eyes are on you, as men-pleasers; but as servants of Christ, doing the will of God from the heart;
Then all those virgins arose, and trimmed their lamps.
For David didn't ascend into the heavens, but he says himself, 'The Lord said to my Lord, Sit by my right hand,
Much in every way! Because first of all, they were entrusted with the oracles of God.
DION
Are all apostles? Are all prophets? Are all teachers? Are all miracle workers?
but their plot became known to Saul. They watched the gates both day and night that they might kill him,
To me, the very least of all saints, was this grace given, to preach to the Gentiles the unsearchable riches of Christ,
But concerning the Gentiles who believe, we have written our decision that they should observe no such thing, except that they should keep themselves from food offered to idols, from blood, from strangled things, and from sexual immorality.
XERXES
He (had) appointed him general also.
Who is he who overcomes the world, but he who believes that Jesus is the Son of God?
When Jesus came into the ruler's house, and saw the flute players, and the crowd in noisy disorder,
Even as it is written, Jacob I loved, but Esau I hated.
News about him went out into every place of the surrounding region.
He said to the multitudes also, When you see a cloud rising from the west, immediately you say, 'A shower is coming, ' and so it happens.
But whenever one turns to the Lord, the veil is taken away.
Truly my mother bore me as one of evil fate.
He said to them, What do you want me to do for you?
For if you forgive men their trespasses, your heavenly Father will also forgive you.
These all, having had testimony given to them through their faith, didn't receive the promise,
But if you don't forgive men their trespasses, neither will your Father forgive your trespasses.
DIONYSIUS THE YOUNGER
Chapter 8. LACYDES (Head of the Academy c. 242-216 B. C. )
one who rules his own house well, having children in subjection with all reverence;
But Ananias answered, Lord, I have heard from many about this man, how much evil he did to your saints at Jerusalem.
To the Muses and Apollo
rooted and built up in him, and established in the faith, even as you were taught, abounding in it in thanksgiving.
But because he couldn't pay, his lord commanded him to be sold, with his wife, his children, and all that he had, and payment to be made.
Tell Archippus, Take heed to the ministry which you have received in the Lord, that you fulfill it.
Herodias set herself against him, and desired to kill him, but she couldn't,
He came to Ephesus, and he left them there; but he himself entered into the synagogue, and reasoned with the Jews.
night and day praying exceedingly that we may see your face, and may perfect that which is lacking in your faith?
Sell that which you have, and give gifts to the needy. Make for yourselves purses which don't grow old, a treasure in the heavens that doesn't fail, where no thief approaches, neither moth destroys.
who did not sin, neither was deceit found in his mouth.
When a physician paid him a visit and said, You have nothing wrong with you, he said, No, for I do not employ you as my physician.
Repent therefore, and turn again, that your sins may be blotted out, that so there may come times of refreshing from the presence of the Lord,
Jesus said to her, I am the resurrection and the life. He who believes in me, though he die, yet will he live.
To the man who inquired if he were at leisure he said, I hope that may never happen to me !
How then could you escape such disgrace?
It was given to her that she would array herself in bright, pure, fine linen: for the fine linen is the righteous acts of the saints.
If we are faithless, He remains faithful. He can't deny himself.
ARCHIDAMUS, SON OF AGESILAUS
You seem as one about to reveal something new.
according to the custom of the priest's office, his lot was to enter into the temple of the Lord and burn incense.
In bitter criticism of the prevalent domination of women, he said,All mankind rules its women,and we rule all mankind, but our women rule us.
They will perish, but you continue. They all will grow old like a garment does.
As he thus made his defense, Festus said with a loud voice, Paul, you are crazy! Your great learning is driving you insane!
As the people were in expectation, and all men reasoned in their hearts concerning John, whether perhaps he was the Christ,
Now where remission of these is, there is no more offering for sin.
If we live by the Spirit, let's also walk by the Spirit.
When his friends advised him to banish from his court a man who maligned him, he said he would not, so that the man should not go about speaking ill of him among more people.
For when God made a promise to Abraham, since he could swear by none greater, he swore by himself,
Avoid a factious man after a first and second warning;
However, the story shall be told not so much to deprecate hostility as to testify against it, and to show, if you are so ill-advised as to enter into a struggle with Athens, what sort of an antagonist she is likely to prove.
Paul's Letter to the Colossians
Chapter 11. STILPO
You yourselves know that these hands ministered to my necessities, and to those who were with me.
and when she had it all dug, she brought stones and made a quay all around the lake.
They want peace.
returned from the tomb, and told all these things to the eleven, and to all the rest.
and he who invited both of you would come and tell you, 'Make room for this person. ' Then you would begin, with shame, to take the lowest place.
For when they are saying, Peace and safety, then sudden destruction will come on them, like birth pains on a pregnant woman; and they will in no way escape.
Polydorus, the son of Alcamenes, when a certain man was continually making threats against his enemies, said, Don’t you see that you are using up the best part of your vengeance?
Simon himself also believed. Being baptized, he continued with Philip. Seeing signs and great miracles done, he was amazed.
Then the king said to the servants, 'Bind him hand and foot, take him away, and throw him into the outer darkness; there is where the weeping and grinding of teeth will be. '
But far be it from me to boast, except in the cross of our Lord Jesus Christ, through which the world has been crucified to me, and I to the world.
Therefore you are without excuse, O man, whoever you are who judge. For in that which you judge another, you condemn yourself. For you who judge practice the same things.
When they came to the place that is called The Skull, they crucified him there with the criminals, one on the right and the other on the left.
Therefore God also highly exalted him, and gave to him the name which is above every name;
She was with child. She cried out, laboring and in pain, giving birth.
For if I pray in another language, my spirit prays, but my understanding is unfruitful.
For if that which passes away was with glory, much more that which remains is in glory.
He answered them, It is one of the twelve, he who dips with me in the dish.
This Megabazus is forever remembered by the people of the Hellespont for replying,
What do you do after work?
But if, while we sought to be justified in Christ, we ourselves also were found sinners, is Christ a servant of sin? Certainly not!
in whom we have our redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of our trespasses, according to the riches of his grace,
For this is the will of God: your sanctification, that you abstain from sexual immorality,
He hoped that way that money would be given to him by Paul, that he might release him. Therefore also he sent for him more often, and talked with him.
But Jesus said, Leave her alone. Why do you trouble her? She has done a good work for me.
Brother will deliver up brother to death, and the father his child. Children will rise up against parents, and cause them to be put to death.
But I exhort you, brothers, endure the word of exhortation, for I have written to you in few words.
These signs will accompany those who believe: in my name they will cast out demons; they will speak with new languages;
But they shook off the dust of their feet against them, and came to Iconium.
Yet you will not come to me, that you may have life.
(but if a man doesn't know how to rule his own house, how will he take care of the assembly of God? )
Then they all cheered up, and they also took food.
When she had said this, she went away, and called Mary, her sister, secretly, saying, The Teacher is here, and is calling you.
As some were talking about the temple and how it was decorated with beautiful stones and gifts, he said,
When the keeper of a bath was pouring in agreat quantity of water for Alcibiades, a Spartansaid, Why all this for him as if he were not clean? The fellow is pouring in extra water as if for a very dirty man.
If you wish to stop the menses in a woman, apply as large a cupping instrument as possible to the breasts.
Pilate called together the chief priests and the rulers and the people,
As he was marching up a hill, from the crest of which they expected to look down upon the camp and the forces of the enemy, there met them by chance some mules laden with parsley;
Let us walk properly, as in the day; not in reveling and drunkenness, not in sexual promiscuity and lustful acts, and not in strife and jealousy.
Most assuredly I tell you, it will be more tolerable for the land of Sodom and Gomorrah in the day of judgment than for that city.
They said to him again, What did he do to you? How did he open your eyes?
Why does this man speak blasphemies like that? Who can forgive sins but God alone?
There is one body, and one Spirit, even as you also were called in one hope of your calling;
You're diligent.
In short, both sides tried every possible contrivance, the one to throw in provisions, and the other to prevent their introduction.
An army was being gathered.
When a man from Megara boasted greatly about his city, Agesilaus said, Young man, your words need a great power to back them.
as the Athenians, confident in their naval superiority, had here paid little attention to their defences, and the enemy if he could force a landing might feel secure of taking the place.
No one has seen God at any time. If we love one another, God remains in us, and his love has been perfected in us.
Now these things were our examples, to the intent we should not lust after evil things, as they also lusted.
Part 23 Of winter, pleurisy, pneumonia, coryza, hoarseness, cough, pains of the chest, pains of the ribs and loins, headache, vertigo, and apoplexy.
When another person sought to know the reason why he did not accept gifts from the Messenians, he said, Because if I took the gifts, it would be impossible to maintain peace with impartial regard for the laws.
No one has seen God at any time. The one and only Son, who is in the bosom of the Father, he has declared him.
They took counsel, and bought the potter's field with them, to bury strangers in.
Jesus answered, This voice hasn't come for my sake, but for your sakes.
While he punished relentlessly all other malefactors, he was very lenient with the footpads, so that the Syracusans should stop their dining and drinking together.
He questioned him with many words, but he gave no answers.
As it is written in the prophets, Behold, I send my messenger before your face, Who will prepare your way before you.
None of the rest dared to join them, however the people honored them.
Is it enough?
This done, the rest sailed away, but Leutychides bade Hegesistratus to sail with the Greeks because of the good omen of his name. The Greeks waited through that day, and on the next they sought and received favorable augury; their diviner was Deiphonus son of Evenius, a man of that Apollonia which is in the Ionian gulf. This man's father Evenius had once fared as I will now relate.
For these ought not to be alive.
As for the Athenians, after obtaining a truce and so recovering the bodies of their dead, they sailed back to Notium, buried the dead there, and sailed on towards Lesbos and the Hellespont.
In whatever cases of fever there is a copious hemorrhage from whatever channel, the bowels are in a loose state during convalescence.
He said to them, This is my blood of the new covenant, which is poured out for many.
Another captive being put up for sale, when the crier announced that he was offering a slave for sale, said, You damnable wretch, won’t you say a captive?
If we say that we have fellowship with him and walk in the darkness, we lie, and don't tell the truth.
For I delight in God's law after the inward man,
We were farmers.
Therefore also I came without complaint when I was sent for. I ask therefore, why did you send for me?
This man he placed nearest to himself, and then, grasping with both hands the hilt of his naked sword, he fell upon it and died.
You offspring of vipers, how can you, being evil, speak good things? For out of the abundance of the heart, the mouth speaks.
and to have authority to heal sicknesses and to cast out demons:
He therefore said that they ought to stay and carry on the siege, and not depart defeated in point of money, in which they were much superior.
Yes, I will make every effort that you may always be able to remember these things even after my departure.
Some of us went to the tomb, and found it just like the women had said, but they didn't see him.
But Jesus said to him, Follow me, and leave the dead to bury their own dead.
Part 66 When no swelling appears on severe and bad wounds, it is a great evil.
But be careful that by no means does this liberty of yours become a stumbling block to the weak.
Question VI
seeing that you seek a proof of Christ who speaks in me; who toward you is not weak, but is powerful in you.
about judgment, because the prince of this world has been judged.
Even saying these things, they hardly stopped the multitudes from making a sacrifice to them.
To Demeter
For in Christ Jesus neither is circumcision anything, nor uncircumcision, but a new creation.
Now the Corcyraeans believe that with their petition for assistance they can also give you a satisfactory answer on these points, and they have therefore despatched us hither.
Then, when Antony had sent his son to the Capitol as a hostage, Brutus and his associates came down, and there were salutations and greetings for all without discrimination.
Agesilaus used to say that the inhabitants of Asia Minor were poor freemen, but good slaves.
An angel from heaven appeared to him, strengthening him.
Moreover, brothers, we make known to you the grace of God which has been given in the assemblies of Macedonia;
A certain lender had two debtors. The one owed five hundred denarii, and the other fifty.
The superscription of his accusation was written over him, THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Until I make your enemies the footstool of your feet. '
AGASICLES
In women, blood collected in the breasts indicates madness.
For this might have been sold for more than three hundred denarii, and given to the poor. They grumbled against her.
He asked for time so that, when he should have learned the Persian tongue, he might conduct his interview through his own self and not through another.
For wherever the carcass is, there will the vultures be gathered together.
When we had sailed across the sea which is off Cilicia and Pamphylia, we came to Myra, a city of Lycia.
Part 17Friction can relax, brace, incarnate, attenuate: hard braces, soft relaxes, much attenuates, and moderate thickens.
For already some have turned aside after Satan.
And made them kings and priests to our God, And they reign on earth.
But what I do, that I will do, that I may cut off occasion from them that desire an occasion, that in which they boast, they may be found even as we.
Examine the truth in the light of events and do not give more weight to false charges than to accepted facts.
Part 39 And in whatever part of the body heat or cold is seated, there is disease.
to the saints and faithful brothers in Christ at Colossae: Grace to you and peace from God our Father, and the Lord Jesus Christ.
So the Jews said to him who was cured, It is the Sabbath. It is not lawful for you to carry the mat.
Through a window I was let down in a basket by the wall, and escaped his hands.
As he entered into a certain village, ten men who were lepers met him, who stood at a distance.
He answered them, He who made me well, the same said to me, 'Take up your mat, and walk. '
As he went out out of the temple, one of his disciples said to him, Teacher, see what kind of stones and what kind of buildings!
He therefore found fault with Brutus on the ground that he was too observant of law and justice at a time which demanded a policy of kindness.
A second likewise is this, 'You shall love your neighbor as yourself. '
All the prophets testify about him, that through his name everyone who believes in him will receive remission of sins.
When the multitude saw what Paul had done, they lifted up their voice, saying in the language of Lycaonia, The gods have come down to us in the likeness of men!
Diseases which arise from repletion are cured by depletion; and those that arise from depletion are cured by repletion; and in general, diseases are cured by their contraries.
In the war we never have done to you, and never should have done to you, anything unreasonable.
redeeming the time, because the days are evil.
For the earth bears fruit: first the blade, then the ear, then the full grain in the ear.
saying, This is the blood of the covenant which God has commanded you.
Pilate said to the chief priests and the multitudes, I find no basis for a charge against this man.
For, All flesh is like grass, And all of man's glory like the flower in the grass. The grass withers, and its flower falls;
With you I will suffer whatever we must.
He allowed no one to follow him, except Peter, James, and John the brother of James.
And so hail to you, lord! I seek your favor with my song.
When the ambassadors of the Samians spoke at great length, the Spartans said to them, We hae forgot the first part, and the later part we did na ken because we hae forgot the first.
So you didn't see her yesterday by chance?
The elder to Gaius the beloved, whom I love in truth.
Now concerning the collection for the saints, as I commanded the assemblies of Galatia, you do likewise.
When the chief priests and the Pharisees heard his parables, they perceived that he spoke about them.
That which was a temptation to you in my flesh, you didn't despise nor reject; but you received me as an angel of God, even as Christ Jesus.
But refuse foolish and ignorant questionings, knowing that they generate strife.
for it is said that not a few of his kindred lost their sight in a similar way, when it was enfeebled by old age.
But Jesus answered, Let me at least do this and he touched his ear, and healed him.
Next in order to these were carried wreaths of gold, four hundred in number, which the cities had sent with their embassies to Aemilius as prizes for his victory.
These things I write to you, hoping to come to you shortly;
Those who were sent went away, and found things just as he had told them.
Tom is simple.
The day following, Paul went in with us to James; and all the elders were present.
He said to another, Follow me!But he said, Lord, allow me first to go and bury my father.
He saw two boats standing by the lake, but the fishermen had gone out of them, and were washing their nets.
But when this, your son, came, who has devoured your living with prostitutes, you killed the fattened calf for him. '
So then, those who are of faith are blessed with the faithful Abraham.
and traded the glory of the incorruptible God for the likeness of an image of corruptible man, and of birds, and four-footed animals, and creeping things.
who delivered us out of the power of darkness, and translated us into the Kingdom of the Son of his love;
My little children, of whom I am again in travail until Christ is formed in you
Then the soldiers cut away the ropes of the boat, and let her fall off.
He asked his father, How long has it been since this has come to him? He said, From childhood.
All the people came early in the morning to him in the temple to hear him.
However, after I am raised up, I will go before you to Galilee.
ATEAS
Who are you?
Chorus O Zeus, unjust Vengeance, mad, relentless, will soon give your childless sonup to misery.
Nemean Odes
Simon answered, Pray for me to the Lord, that none of the things which you have spoken come on me.
The younger of them said to his father, 'Father, give me my share of your property. ' He divided his livelihood between them.
Then Peter, filled with the Holy Spirit, said to them, You rulers of the people, and elders of Israel,
Almost every woman had gone to the temple.
since he longed for you all, and was very troubled, because you had heard that he was sick.
At about the ninth hour of the day, he clearly saw in a vision an angel of God coming to him, and saying to him, Cornelius!
saying, Father, if you are willing, remove this cup from me. Nevertheless, not my will, but yours, be done.
Paul's First Letter to the Corinthians
any one who might hereafter be found there was to be the slave of his captor. It must be known that the Lacedaemonians had an old oracle from Delphi, to the effect that they should let go the suppliant of Zeus at Ithome.
Having come to this river and camped there, then, Darius was pleased with the sight of it, and set up yet another pillar there, cut with this inscription:
and they bound him, and led him away, and delivered him up to Pontius Pilate, the governor.
There was also something like a general rush for letters and philosophy, and the palace was filled with dust, as they say, owing to the multitude of geometricians there.
But godliness with contentment is great gain.
And the father, unless some public business prevented, would always be present at their studies and exercises, for he was now become the fondest parent in Rome.
Meanwhile he now came forward and gave the following advice to the Athenians:
Thirty days later, however, Alcibiades, together with Mantitheus, who had been taken prisoner in Caria, provided themselves with horses and made their escape from Sardis by night to Clazomenae.
For Moses from generations of old has in every city those who preach him, being read in the synagogues every Sabbath.
All the people saw him walking and praising God.
They set up over his head the accusation against him written, THIS IS JESUS, THE KING OF THE JEWS.
Likewise the chief priests also mocking, with the scribes, the Pharisees, and the elders, said,
It happened that the beggar died, and that he was carried away by the angels to Abraham's bosom. The rich man also died, and was buried.
Helen Oh, as I begin the great lament of my great distress, what mourning shall I strive to utter? or what Muse shall I approach with tears or songs of death or woe? Alas!
Tom works on his own.
Wives, be subject to your own husbands, as to the Lord.
He fell on the earth, and heard a voice saying to him, Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me?
On that same day, some Pharisees came, saying to him, Get out of here, and go away, for Herod wants to kill you.
It is indeed unnecessary for me to write to you concerning the service to the saints,
You don't come down to us in Piraeus at all often; yet you ought to.
With difficulty sailing along it we came to a certain place called Fair Havens, near the city of Lasea.
Chorus And they have learned to look upon the precinct of the deep when the broad-wayed sea whitens to foam beneath the tempest’s blast, trusting in their finely wrought cables and their devices which give passage to their army.
These were at once filled with streams of pure water, which, under the weight and impulse of the pressure that was upon them, discharged themselves into the vacuum afforded.
The man is strong.
forbidding us to speak to the Gentiles that they may be saved; to fill up their sins always. But wrath has come on them to the uttermost.
Pilate decreed that what they asked for should be done.
For he knew him who would betray him, therefore he said, You are not all clean.
For since death came by man, the resurrection of the dead also came by man.
The soldiers of Dion filled two merchant-ships, and a third transport of small size, together with two thirty-oared galleys, accompanied these.
THEOPOMPUS
Then all the Greeks laid hold on Sosthenes, the ruler of the synagogue, and beat him before the judgment seat. Gallio didn't care about any of these things.
You were running well! Who interfered with you that you should not obey the truth?
At the elbows at either end let the road-nets have slip-knots of string and the hayes metal rings, and let the cords be attached by loops.
On some have compassion, making a distinction,
And this would seem to bear witness in favour of those who declare that these achievements of his were due to a rare good fortune.
Do that for me, my son, delay no more, nor mention Troy again.
promising them liberty, while they themselves are bondservants of corruption; for by whom a man is overcome, by the same is he also brought into bondage.
They cast out many demons, and anointed many with oil who were sick, and healed them.
COMPARISON OF SERTORlUS AND EUMENES
Pray that your flight will not be in the winter, nor on a Sabbath,
For if the trumpet gave an uncertain sound, who would prepare himself for war?
Put on therefore, as God's elect, holy and beloved, a heart of compassion, kindness, lowliness, humility, and perseverance;
though he was a Son, yet learned obedience by the things which he suffered.
Jesus answered them, Destroy this temple, and in three days I will raise it up.
The poets, Thucydides and Euripides, were students of Anaxagoras.
For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom; and there will be famines, plagues, and earthquakes in various places.
For many deceivers have gone out into the world, those who don't confess that Jesus Christ came in the flesh. This is the deceiver and the Antichrist.
As Isaiah has said before, Unless the Lord of Hosts had left us a seed, We would have become like Sodom, And would have been made like Gomorrah.
That which enters into the mouth doesn't defile the man; but that which proceeds out of the mouth, this defiles the man.
Remember those who are in bonds, as bound with them; and those who are ill-treated, since you are also in the body.
PAEDARETUS
Many of them said, He has a demon, and is insane! Why do you listen to him?
But he answered them, When it is evening, you say, 'It will be fair weather, for the sky is red. '
Part 34 When bubbles settle on the surface of the urine, they indicate disease of the kidneys, and that the complaint will be protracted.
He therefore who swears by the altar, swears by it, and by everything on it.
He entered into the temple, and began to drive out those who bought and sold in it,
Jesus said to her, I am he, the one who speaks to you.
And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God;
PART 45XLV. The way up, down.
who also sealed us, and gave us the down payment of the Spirit in our hearts.
As a mantle you will roll them up, And they will be changed; But you are the same. Your years will not fail.
But now Christ has been raised from the dead. He became the first fruits of those who are asleep.
Now about that time, Herod the king stretched out his hands to oppress some of the assembly.
Therefore select from among you, brothers, seven men of good report, full of the Holy Spirit and of wisdom, whom we may appoint over this business.
but with precious blood, as of a lamb without spot, the blood of Christ;
Then after a period of fourteen years I went up again to Jerusalem with Barnabas, taking Titus also with me.
For the Son of Man also came not to be served, but to serve, and to give his life as a ransom for many.
He endured to sacrifice his daughter, as an aid to war.
When Herod had sought for him, and didn't find him, he examined the guards, and commanded that they should be put to death. He went down from Judea to Caesarea, and stayed there.
So the commanding officer let the young man go, charging him, Tell no one that you have told these things to me.
To a friend who wanted him to bear false witness, which included also an oath, he answered that he was a friend as far as the altar.
They arrived at the country of the Gadarenes, which is opposite Galilee.
Owing to the distance by which their allies had preceded them, neither of the Hellenic divisions knew anything of the battle, but fancied they were hastening on to encamp.
Chapter 12. CRITO
But he answered him who spoke to him, Who is my mother? Who are my brothers?
He entered into the synagogue, and spoke boldly for a period of three months, reasoning and persuading about the things concerning the Kingdom of God.
When a foreigner made advances in a mild and leisurely way, she pushed him aside, saying, Get away from here, you who cannot play a woman’s part either!
Behold, there was a woman who had a spirit of infirmity eighteen years, and she was bent over, and could in no way straighten herself up.
HERONDAS
Jesus therefore, perceiving that they were about to come and take him by force, to make him king, withdrew again to the mountain by himself.
Where is the road?
But when this corruptible will have put on incorruption, and this mortal will have put on immortality, then what is written will happen: Death is swallowed up in victory.
If they desire to learn anything, let them ask their own husbands at home, for it is shameful for a woman to chatter in the assembly.
I'm looking for my cat.
Many will follow their destructive ways, and as a result, the way of the truth will be maligned.
AGESIPOLIS, SON OF CLEOMBROTUS
The salutation of me, Paul, with my own hand: remember my bonds. Grace be with you. Amen.
The disciples were filled with joy with the Holy Spirit.
It is just to remember god when one is prospering.
In the fourth year the Egyptians, whom Cambyses had enslaved, revolted from the Persians; thereupon Darius was even more eager to send expeditions against both.
saying, Give me also this power, that whoever I lay my hands on may receive the Holy Spirit.
They ought to have been here before you, and to make accusation, if they had anything against me.
For we who live are always delivered to death for Jesus' sake, that the life also of Jesus may be revealed in our mortal flesh.
Martha said to him, I know that he will rise again in the resurrection at the last day.
For the body is not one member, but many.
But even though we, or an angel from heaven, should preach to you any gospel other than that which we preached to you, let him be cursed.
He pretended to be amazed at the man who had sold his lands bordering on the sea as being himself stronger than the sea. For, said he, what the sea only laps, this man has easily drunk up.
As he was sailing away from Sicily after his failure there, he turned to look back, and said to his friends, What a field of conflict are we leaving behind us for the Romans and Carthaginians to wrestle in!
The disciples were amazed at his words. But Jesus answered again, Children, how hard is it for those who trust in riches to enter into the Kingdom of God!
Grace be with all those who love our Lord Jesus Christ with incorruptible love. Amen.
King Agrippa, do you believe the prophets? I know that you believe.
Chorus And your own son’s doom.
For you all can prophesy one by one, that all may learn, and all may be exhorted.
Therefore If your enemy is hungry, feed him. If he is thirsty, give him a drink. For in doing so, you will heap coals of fire on his head.
The multitude rose up together against them, and the magistrates tore their clothes off of them, and commanded them to be beaten with rods.
But when the chief priests and the scribes saw the wonderful things that he did, and the children who were crying in the temple and saying, Hosanna to the son of David! they were indignant,
who in the generations gone by allowed all the nations to walk in their own ways.
For if I build up again those things which I destroyed, I prove myself a law-breaker.
He came and preached peace to you who were far off and to those who were near.
Behold, you will conceive in your womb, and bring forth a son, and will call his name 'Jesus. '
So I brought him to your disciples, and they could not cure him.
After considering she answered, “If indeed the king gives me the life of one, I chose from them all my brother. ”
But when they had commanded them to go aside out of the council, they conferred among themselves,
To Dionysus
As soon as Brasidas saw the Athenians in motion he descended himself from Cerdylium and entered Amphipolis.
But we desire to hear from you what you think. For, as concerning this sect, it is known to us that everywhere it is spoken against.
He said to them, You men of Israel, be careful concerning these men, what you are about to do.
All the brothers greet you. Greet one another with a holy kiss.
For if those who are of the law are heirs, faith is made void, and the promise is made of no effect.
That is, it is not the children of the flesh who are children of God, but the children of the promise are counted as a seed.
for I was hungry, and you gave me food to eat; I was thirsty, and you gave me drink; I was a stranger, and you took me in;
To The Rulers Of The Mytilenaeans
But woe to you who are rich! For you have received your consolation.
Now then, I ask you, do you think that this state of affairs is good? How did such things come to pass without any advice from your side? See to it that you do not have cause to blame yourself hereafter. ”
If I must boast, I will boast of the things that concern my weakness.
Greece is beautiful.
They all ate, and were filled. They took up twelve baskets full of that which remained left over from the broken pieces.
What are you?
The imagination is by nature in perpetual motion, and this motion which it has is fancy, or thought. In thy case, too, the body is worn with hardships and this condition naturally excites and perverts the intelligence.
Chorus I fear to do your bidding; I fear to speak in your presence and deliver to those I love news hard to utter.
The disciples came, and said to him, Why do you speak to them in parables?
At my first defense, no one came to help me, but all left me. May it not be held against them.
Abraham became the father of Isaac. Isaac became the father of Jacob. Jacob became the father of Judah and his brothers.
to the only wise God, through Jesus Christ, to whom be the glory forever! Amen.
Then he began to denounce the cities in which most of his mighty works had been done, because they didn't repent.
When did we see you sick, or in prison, and come to you? '
The same dealt slyly with our race, and mistreated our fathers, that they should throw out their babies, so that they wouldn't stay alive.
Its gates will in no way be shut by day (for there will be no night there),
This speech, they tell us, so rebuffed the soldiery and changed their minds that the triumph was voted to Aemilius by all the tribes.
Now when the day of Pentecost had come, they were all with one accord in one place.
I know that I know nothing.
But Jesus perceived their wickedness, and said, Why do you test me, you hypocrites?
I say this to move you to shame. Isn't there even one wise man among you who would be able to decide between his brothers?
and will cast them into the furnace of fire. There will be the weeping and the gnashing of teeth.
Jesus said to them, Bring some of the fish which you have just caught.
For it will come like a snare on all those who dwell on the surface of all the earth.
but be the men that the Hellenes think you, and our fears desire. ’
Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will not pass away.
I have therefore my boasting in Christ Jesus in things pertaining to God.
He was in command of the mercenary force.
But it shall not be so among you, but whoever wants to become great among you shall be your servant.
Don't lie to one another, seeing that you have put off the old man with his doings,
Jesus called a little child to himself, and set him in the midst of them,
The state of affairs in Syracuse, before the expedition of Timoleon into Sicily, was as follows.
This is how it is.
Those who are in the flesh can't please God.
Now he said this, signifying by what kind of death he would glorify God. When he had said this, he said to him, Follow me.
looking for the blessed hope and appearing of the glory of our great God and Savior, Jesus Christ;
But at that time they had revolted.
Don't take any gold, nor silver, nor brass in your money belts.
Pilate again asked him, Have you no answer? See how many things they testify against you!
and might deliver all of them who through fear of death were all their lifetime subject to bondage.
Accordingly, Cyrus had the arms brought in and arranged to view, and calling all the Persian soldiers together he spoke as follows:
After they were silent, James answered, Brothers, listen to me.
What good is it, my brothers, if a man says he has faith, but has no works? Can that faith save him?
Of his own will he brought us forth by the word of truth, that we should be a kind of first fruits of his creatures.
So general was the indignation felt against Athens, whether by those who wished to escape from her empire, or were apprehensive of being absorbed by it.
Accordingly he sent the captains to bring over the hoplites, while he himself remained on the further side, having drawn back the entire body of peltasts and forbidding any one to shoot at long range.
I live in the city.
They told him, Lord, that our eyes may be opened.
The book is small.
Therefore, if food causes my brother to stumble, I will eat no meat forevermore, that I don't cause my brother to stumble.
The four living creatures said, Amen! The elders fell down and worshiped.
I see the boy.
I will most gladly spend and be spent for your souls. If I love you more abundantly, am I loved the less?
He who was dead sat up, and began to speak. And he gave him to his mother.
He was teaching in one of the synagogues on the Sabbath day.
While he still spoke, one from the ruler of the synagogue's house came, saying to him, Your daughter is dead. Don't trouble the Teacher.
Chapter 3. HERILLUS (flor. c. 260 b. c. )
Husbands, love your wives, and don't be bitter against them.
that your faith wouldn't stand in the wisdom of men, but in the power of God.
Chorus Sacrifices in satisfaction of vows are given freely to the gods when all fares well, if only there be escape from death. Alas, alas, perplexing troubles!Where will this wave of trouble bear me away?
Or don't you know that all we who were baptized into Christ Jesus were baptized into his death?
For it is easier for a camel to enter in through a needle's eye, than for a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of God.
because they said, He has an unclean spirit.
and there isn't another gospel. Only there are some who trouble you, and want to pervert the gospel of Christ.
PHERECYDES
He found in the temple those who sold oxen, sheep, and doves, and the changers of money sitting.
Paul's Letter to the Galatians
But the governor said, Why? What evil has he done? But they cried out exceedingly, saying, Let him be crucified!
A great multitude followed him, because they saw his signs which he did on those who were sick.
for they could not stand that which was commanded, If even an animal touches the mountain, it shall be stoned;
Now when the apostles who were at Jerusalem heard that Samaria had received the word of God, they sent Peter and John to them,
But I write the more boldly to you in part, as reminding you, because of the grace that was given to me by God,
Also, prepare a guest room for me, for I hope that through your prayers I will be restored to you.
In the first days of the next summer there was an eclipse of the sun at the time of new moon, and in the early part of the same month an earthquake.
But refuse profane and old wives' fables. Exercise yourself toward godliness.
Philip; Bartholomew; Thomas; Matthew the tax collector; James the son of Alphaeus; and Lebbaeus, whose surname was Thaddaeus;
You have loved righteousness, and hated iniquity; Therefore God, your God, has anointed you with the oil of gladness above your fellows.
Therefore he says, When he ascended on high, he led captivity captive, and gave gifts to men.
and that of its own accord the arm of one of the officers sweated oil of roses, and though they often rubbed and wiped it off it was of no avail.
John said to him, Teacher, we saw someone who doesn't follow us casting out demons in your name; and we forbade him, because he doesn't follow us.
On the third day, as soon as it was morning, trumpeters led the way, sounding out no marching or processional strain, but such a one as the Romans use to rouse themselves to battle.
They went away, and found a colt tied at the door outside in the open street, and they untied him.
He asked them, Don't you understand, yet?
men fainting for fear, and for expectation of the things which are coming on the world: for the powers of the heavens will be shaken.
For while we were yet weak, at the right time Christ died for the ungodly.
Now when the two forces had formed in line of battle against one another, the Thessalians, thinking that it was not expedient to engage as cavalry in a battle with hoplites, turned round and slowly retired.
Concerning whom, when the accusers stood up, they brought no charge of such things as I supposed;
and they were astonished at his teaching, for his word was with authority.
And when Plato said that he was come to seek a virtuous man, the tyrant answered and said: Well, by the gods, it appears that you have not yet found such an one.
Repent therefore of this, your wickedness, and ask God if perhaps the thought of your heart may be forgiven you.
Therefore, even as the Holy Spirit says, Today if you will hear his voice,
in whom you were also circumcised with a circumcision not made with hands, in the putting off of the body of the sins of the flesh, in the circumcision of Christ;
By faith, Rahab the prostitute, didn't perish with those who were disobedient, having received the spies in peace.
There he found a certain man named Aeneas, who had been bedridden for eight years, because he was paralyzed.
When he had fasted forty days and forty nights, he was hungry afterward.
covetings, wickedness, deceit, lustful desires, an evil eye, blasphemy, pride, and foolishness.
For there is born to you, this day, in the city of David, a Savior, who is Christ the Lord.
Then why do they not enter my service now? asked Cyrus; I will pay as much as any one ever did. They assented and said that the volunteers would be many.
but to those who are self-seeking, and don't obey the truth, but obey unrighteousness, will be wrath and indignation,
Again he sent another; and they killed him; and many others, beating some, and killing some.
Don't be afraid, little flock, for it is your Father's good pleasure to give you the Kingdom.
But their spirit was stirred in their dear breasts, and the master of the Cretans asked him, saying:
All the saints greet you, especially those who are of Caesar's household.
I sent you to reap that for which you haven't labored. Others have labored, and you have entered into their labor.
Amphitryon Woe to these halls!
Lord, they have killed your prophets, they have broken down your altars; and I am left alone, and they seek my life.
However at that time, not knowing God, you were in bondage to those who by nature are not gods.
For there will arise false christs and false prophets, and will show signs and wonders, that they may lead astray, if possible, even the chosen ones.
Because we, who are many, are one bread, one body; for we all partake of the one bread.
Amphitryon Stand further off, make no noise nor outcry, do not rouse him from his calmdeep slumber.
Much more then, being now justified by his blood, we will be saved from God's wrath through him.
Chorus And at the strand of the Pelian gulfby the streams of Anaurus, he slew with his arrows Cycnus, murderer of his guests, the savage wretch who dwelt in Amphanae.
They will do these things because they have not known the Father, nor me.
Greet Urbanus, our fellow worker in Christ, and Stachys, my beloved.
For if the readiness is there, it is acceptable according to what you have, not according to what you don't have.
They began to salute him, Hail, King of the Jews!
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you all! Amen.
Jesus answered them, I did one work, and you all marvel because of it.
Beware, brothers, lest perhaps there be in any one of you an evil heart of unbelief, in falling away from the living God;
Now I do this for the gospel's sake, that I may be a joint partaker of it.
Now it was the Preparation Day of the Passover, at about the sixth hour. He said to the Jews, Behold, your King!
They said to him, In Bethlehem of Judea, for thus it is written through the prophet,
But for the violator of a bridal chamber there is no cure. And though all streams flow in one course to cleanse the blood from a polluted hand, they rush in vain.
Don't you know that the saints will judge the world? And if the world is judged by you, are you unworthy to judge the smallest matters?
For everyone who asks receives. He who seeks finds. To him who knocks it will be opened.
Jesus answered and spoke again in parables to them, saying,
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophet, saying, I will open my mouth in parables; I will utter things hidden from the foundation of the world.
Then they asked him, Where is he? He said, I don't know.
This letter Dionysius read to Philistus, and after consulting with him, according to Timaeus, he beguiled Dion by a feigned reconciliation.
The boy is there.
Hold the pattern of sound words which you have heard from me, in faith and love which is in Christ Jesus.
He said that those who use their good fortune reasonably and moderately are least envied; for people envy not us but our surroundings.
One may be satisfied that there are no senses apart from the five from the following arguments.
TIMOLEON
They found the stone rolled away from the tomb.
Do not abandon us, I entreat.
You are my friends, if you do whatever I command you.
To all whose business was the enhancement of personal beauty he made Sparta forbidden ground, for the reason that they outraged the arts through the vileness of their art.
that you keep the commandment without spot, blameless, until the appearing of our Lord Jesus Christ;
This phrase, Yet once more, signifies the removing of those things that are shaken, as of things that have been made, that those things which are not shaken may remain.
Concerning the Sons of Lycurgus
The victory was a brilliant one, and the Syracusans rewarded Dion’s mercenaries with a hundred minas, while the mercenaries honoured Dion with a wreath of gold.
Everything flows.
The oath which he spoke to Abraham, our father,
Tecmessa Ah, what misery for me that a valuable man should speak words of a sort which he would never before now have endured to speak!
Therefore seeing we have this ministry, even as we obtained mercy, we don't faint.
having known me from the first, if they are willing to testify, that after the strictest sect of our religion I lived a Pharisee.
how I didn't shrink from declaring to you anything that was profitable, teaching you publicly and from house to house,
For we are a sweet aroma of Christ to God, in those who are saved, and in those who perish;
Therefore he says, Awake, you who sleep, and arise from the dead, and Christ will shine on you.
and certain women who had been healed of evil spirits and infirmities: Mary who was called Magdalene, from whom seven demons had gone out;
They came to the chief priests and the elders, and said, We have bound ourselves under a great curse, to taste nothing until we have killed Paul.
Let your speech always be with grace, seasoned with salt, that you may know how you ought to answer each one.
Such was Targitaüs' lineage; and he had three sons: Lipoxaïs, Arpoxaïs, and Colaxaïs, youngest of the three.
He received a cup, and when he had given thanks, he said, Take this, and share it among yourselves,
Remember Lot's wife!
for the Holy Spirit will teach you in that same hour what you must say.
men who have erred concerning the truth, saying that the resurrection is already past, and overthrowing the faith of some.
(although Jesus himself didn't baptize, but his disciples),
Concerning the gospel, they are enemies for your sake. But concerning the election, they are beloved for the fathers' sake.
CIMON
Tax collectors also came to be baptized, and they said to him, Teacher, what must we do?
They remembered his words,
but in every nation he who fears him and works righteousness is acceptable to him.
But woe to those who are with child and to those who nurse babies in those days!
For everyone who exalts himself will be humbled, and whoever humbles himself will be exalted.
For five days they ran swiftly on, and came to anchor at Minoa, a little town in that part of Sicily which the Carthaginians controlled.
moreover, according to Timaeus, when the sick man asked for a sleeping potion, they gave him one that robbed him of his senses and made death follow sleep.
One of these, fourteen years of age, died five days before Aemilius celebrated his triumph, and the death of the other, who was twelve years of age, followed three days after the triumph,
So then he delivered him to them to be crucified. So they took Jesus and led him away.
Don't run away.
The thief only comes to steal, kill, and destroy. I came that they may have life, and may have it abundantly.
What is it then, brothers? When you come together, each one of you has a psalm, has a teaching, has a revelation, has another language, has an interpretation. Let all things be done to build each other up.
Therefore let no one boast in men. For all things are yours,
To the angel of the assembly in Smyrna write: The first and the last, who was dead, and has come to life says these things:
Then the lust, when it has conceived, bears sin; and the sin, when it is full grown, brings forth death.
When he had landed at Caesarea, he went up and greeted the assembly, and went down to Antioch.
If I had not come and spoken to them, they would not have had sin; but now they have no excuse for their sin.
But Jesus didn't trust himself to them, because he knew everyone,
You gave me no kiss, but she, since the time I came in, has not ceased to kiss my feet.
and will turn away their ears from the truth, and turn aside to fables.
Don't you know that your bodies are members of Christ? Shall I then take the members of Christ, and make them members of a prostitute? May it never be!
Tom is looking for his dog.
that no advantage may be gained over us by Satan; for we are not ignorant of his schemes.
Being asked how one might most surely have a good name among men, he said, If one say what is best and do what is most honourable.
and was there until the death of Herod; that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the Lord through the prophet, saying, Out of Egypt I called my son.
But we, brothers, being bereaved of you for a short season, in presence, not in heart, tried even harder to see your face with great desire,
For he whom God has sent speaks the words of God; for God gives the Spirit without measure.
Socrates. But is everything that is right also holy?
They ate, and were filled. They took up seven baskets of broken pieces that were left over.
I see the house.
Now I need not remind you that the time during which a crew is in its prime is short, and that the number of sailors who can start a ship on her way and keep the rowing in time is small.
According as it is written, God gave them a spirit of stupor, eyes that they should not see, and ears that they should not hear, to this very day.
They came with haste, and found both Mary and Joseph, and the baby lying in the feeding trough.
Their feet are swift to shed blood.
which he promised before through his prophets in the holy Scriptures,
Look here.
When they had laid many stripes on them, they threw them into prison, charging the jailer to keep them safely,
But because you are partakers of Christ's sufferings, rejoice; that at the revelation of his glory also you may rejoice with exceeding joy.
Now, about this same time, Theras, a descendant of Polynices through Thersander, Tisamenus, and Autesion, was preparing to lead out colonists from Lacedaemon.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Concerning this salvation, the prophets sought and searched diligently, who prophesied of the grace that would come to you,
They are seven kings. Five have fallen, the one is, the other has not yet come. When he comes, he must continue a little while.
Jesus returned in the power of the Spirit to Galilee, and news about him spread through all the surrounding area.
To Artmemis
When he was questioned about bravery and uprightness and asked which was the better, he said, We have no need of bravery if we are all upright.
ANTIOCHUS
So then, as we have opportunity, let's do what is good toward all men, and especially toward those who are of the household of the faith.
For I came to set a man at odds against his father, and a daughter against her mother, and a daughter-in-law against her mother-in-law.
However, apart from these considerations, the struggle against Dionysius was surely unlike that against Caesar.
To these settlers Timoleon not only afforded safety and calm after so long a storm of war, but also supplied their further needs and zealously assisted them, so that he was revered by them as a founder.
him, being delivered up by the determined counsel and foreknowledge of God, you have taken by the hand of lawless men, crucified and killed;
Asa became the father of Jehoshaphat. Jehoshaphat became the father of Joram. Joram became the father of Uzziah.
Other seed fell on the rock, and as soon as it grew, it withered away, because it had no moisture.
Part 14 In a case of dropsy, when the water runs by the veins into the belly, it removes the disease.
Not for these only do I pray, but for those also who believe in me through their word,
Then they returned to Jerusalem from the mountain called Olivet, which is near Jerusalem, a Sabbath day's journey away.
For his disciples had gone away into the city to buy food.
Chapter 11. PYRRHO (c. 360-270 b. c. )
To the Dioscuri
For you yourselves know, brothers, our visit to you wasn't in vain,
who having become callous gave themselves up to lust, to work all uncleanness with greediness.
For in many things we all stumble. If anyone doesn't stumble in word, the same is a perfect man, able to bridle the whole body also.
Tom is working.
Most assuredly I tell you that he will set him over all that he has.
CICERO
By this we know that we love the children of God, when we love God and keep his commandments.
The work was begun on the third day after leaving home, and continued during the fourth, and till dinner-time on the fifth,
Hail, children of Tyndareus, riders upon swift horses!
Creon Let it come, let it appear, that fairest of fates for me, that brings my final day, the fate supreme! Oh, let it come, so that I may never see tomorrow’s light!
Now, Father, glorify me with your own self with the glory which I had with you before the world existed.
Chorus Yes, and I would have you know he was brutally mangled. And even as she buried him in this way, she acted with intent to make the manner of his death a burden on your life past all power to bear. You hear the story of the ignominious outrage done to your father.
The disciples did as Jesus commanded them, and they prepared the Passover.
For whoever will give you a cup of water to drink in my name, because you are Christ's, most assuredly I tell you, he will in no way lose his reward.
We have confidence in the Lord concerning you, that you both do and will do the things we command.
Chapter 15. SIMMIAS
He lived with Thrasybulus the tyrant of Miletus, as we are informed by Minyas.
But you, why do you judge your brother? Or you again, why do you despise your brother? For we will all stand before the judgment seat of Christ.
Next to the Thracians, the mercenaries advanced to the attack; their equipment was of every variety, and Paeonians were mingled with them.
Others fell on rocky ground, where they didn't have much soil, and immediately they sprang up, because they had no depth of earth.
The army was engaged in these reflections, when the following disturbance took place about the person of Astyochus.
They took soundings, and found twenty fathoms. After a little while, they took soundings again, and found fifteen fathoms.
So then each one of us will give account of himself to God.
When someone inquired how many Spartans there were, he said, Enough to keep all bad men away.
However, Perseus somehow succeeded in persuading a certain Cretan named Oroandes, the owner of a small skiff to take him on board with his treasures.
Little children, these are the end times, and as you heard that the Antichrist is coming, even now many antichrists have arisen. By this we know that it is the end times.
even he whose coming is according to the working of Satan with all power and signs and lying wonders,
But Paul didn't think that it was a good idea to take with them someone who withdrew from them from Pamphylia, and didn't go with them to do the work.
He said, 'I ask you therefore, father, that you would send him to my father's house;
Such were the words of the Corcyraeans. After they had finished, the Corinthians spoke as follows:
He came into all the region around the Jordan, preaching the baptism of repentance for remission of sins.
But we believe that we are saved through the grace of the Lord Jesus, just as they are.
The hand of the Lord was with them, and a great number believed and turned to the Lord.
Don't count him as an enemy, but admonish him as a brother.
naked, and you clothed me; I was sick, and you visited me; I was in prison, and you came to me. '
Hippias received the rule.
We maintain therefore that a man is justified by faith apart from the works of the law.
Erastus remained at Corinth, but I left Trophimus at Miletus sick.
He began to speak to them in parables. A man planted a vineyard, put a hedge around it, dug a pit for the winepress, built a tower, rented it out to a farmer, and went into another country.
Chapter 6. ARCESILAUS (c. 318-242 B. C. )
The fourth poured out his bowl on the sun, and it was given to him to scorch men with fire.
The stars of the sky fell to the earth, like a fig tree dropping its unripe figs when it is shaken by a great wind.
He said, How can I, unless someone explains it to me? He begged Philip to come up and sit with him.
If anyone was not found written in the book of life, he was cast into the lake of fire.
The commandment, which was for life, this I found to be for death;
I am the door. If anyone enters in by me, he will be saved, and will go in and go out, and will find pasture.
We don't trust Tom.
Phocion the Athenian was never seen by anyone to laugh or cry.
Chorus Oh yes, it was in truth a glorious and good life under civil government that we enjoyed so long as our aged and all-powerful king, who did no wrong and did not favor war, god-like Darius, ruled the realm.
Mercy to you and peace and love be multiplied.
Part 48 In fevers not of the intermittent type, if the external parts be cold, but the internal be burnt up, and if there be thirst, it is a mortal symptom.
Of the tribe of Asher twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Naphtali twelve thousand, Of the tribe of Manasseh twelve thousand,
But now, being made free from sin, and having become servants of God, you have your fruit of sanctification, and the result of eternal life.
As Moses lifted up the serpent in the wilderness, even so must the Son of Man be lifted up,
He lives in the city.
They asked him, Teacher, so when will these things be? What is the sign that these things are about to happen?
Don't marvel at this, for the hour comes, in which all that are in the tombs will hear his voice,
The house is there.
Hail, Tyndaridae, riders upon swift horses! Now I will remember you and another song also.
I have become foolish in boasting. You compelled me, for I ought to have been commended by you, for in nothing was I behind the very best apostles, though I am nothing.
If the ear would say, Because I'm not the eye, I'm not part of the body, it's not therefore not part of the body.
Hail, goddess! Keep this city safe, and govern my song.
Having gifts differing according to the grace that was given to us, if prophecy, let us prophesy according to the proportion of our faith;
CLEOMENES, SON OF ANAXANDRIDAS
One of these was Cicero’s son, on whom he bestows high praise, declaring that whether awake or asleep and dreaming, he was amazed to find him of such a noble spirit and such a hater of tyranny.
and the rich, in that he is made humble, because like the flower in the grass, he will pass away.
When Paul wanted to enter in to the people, the disciples didn't allow him.
PART 5V. Both are weakened in time and after a time by the nutriment from without which has continuously entered in, and for a long time firmly has interwoven itself with all the limbs.
They went, found things as he had told them, and they prepared the Passover.
But he, being full of the Holy Spirit, looked up steadfastly into heaven, and saw the glory of God, and Jesus standing on the right hand of God,
For the priesthood being changed, there is of necessity a change made also in the law.
6. That during the truce, deserters whether bond or free shall be received neither by you, nor by us.
Let marriage be held in honor among all, and let the bed be undefiled: but God will judge the sexually immoral and adulterers.
If therefore Demetrius and the craftsmen who are with him have a matter against anyone, the courts are open, and there are proconsuls. Let them press charges against one another.
Therefore also the wisdom of God said, 'I will send to them prophets and apostles; and some of them they will kill and persecute,
Not that I have already obtained, or am already made perfect; but I press on, if it is so that I may take hold of that for which also I was taken hold of by Christ Jesus.
Pilate answered, I'm not a Jew, am I? Your own nation and the chief priests delivered you to me. What have you done?
Thomas therefore, who is called Didymus, said to his fellow disciples, Let's go also, that we may die with him.
Therefore receive one another, even as Christ also received you, to the glory of God.
I give a judgment in this: for this is expedient for you, who were the first to start a year ago, not only to do, but also to be willing.
He decided the war with bloodshed.
Part 6 When summer is like spring, much sweating may be expected in fevers.
that you may eat and drink at my table in my kingdom. You will sit on thrones, judging the twelve tribes of Israel.
but now is revealed, and by the Scriptures of the prophets, according to the commandment of the eternal God, is made known for obedience of faith to all the nations;
Yes, I testify again to every man who receives circumcision, that he is a debtor to do the whole law.
Then he came, and he took it out of the right hand of him who sat on the throne.
But to him who doesn't work, but believes in him who justifies the ungodly, his faith is accounted for righteousness.
About the same time Phaeax, son of Erasistratus, set sail with two colleagues as ambassador from Athens to Italy and Sicily.
Yet in like manner these also in their dreaming defile the flesh, despise authority, and slander celestial beings.
Why is it judged incredible with you, if God does raise the dead?
Show me a denarius. Whose image and inscription are on it? They answered, Caesar's.
There the centurion found a ship of Alexandria sailing for Italy, and he put us on board.
He was plainly not envious of the openly wealthy.
They were glad, and agreed to give him money.
With these apprehensions there was a very general desire in each state to place itself in alliance with Argos.
These ships were thus seen by the Corinthians first. They suspected that they were from Athens, and that those which they saw were not all, but that there were more behind; they accordingly began to retire.
In this way the Boeotians gained possession of Oenoe, and the oligarchy and the troubles at Athens ended.
Part 29 To persons past boyhood, haemoptysis, phthisis, acute fevers, epilepsy, and other diseases, but especially the aforementioned.
And after the thousand years, Satan will be released from his prison,
Immediately the Spirit drove him out into the wilderness.
BOOK III
But on the first day of the week, at early dawn, they and some others came to the tomb, bringing the spices which they had prepared.
Their wives in the same way must be reverent, not slanderers, temperate, faithful in all things.
Brutus now summoned Cassius to Sardis, as he drew near, went to meet him with his friends; and the whole army, in full array, saluted them both as Imperators.
Another, hearing about her son that he was conducting himself badly in a foreign land, wrote to him, Ill report is spread about ye; pit this from ye or else stop yer living.
Now it happened, when all the people were baptized, Jesus also had been baptized, and was praying. The sky was opened,
You there, what are you doing?
When a south wind blows, you say, 'There will be a scorching heat, ' and it happens.
The king was grieved, but for the sake of his oaths, and of those who sat at the table with him, he commanded it to be given,
They did not attend either comedy or tragedy, so that they might not hear anyone speak either in earnest or in jest against the laws.
A widow was in that city, and she often came to him, saying, 'Defend me from my adversary!'
When someone sought to know why he forbade assaults on walled places, he said, So that valiant men may not suffer death at the hands of a woman or a child or some such person.
He sent Peter and John, saying, Go and prepare the Passover for us, that we may eat.
For by one offering he has perfected forever those who are being sanctified.
I persecuted this Way to the death, binding and delivering into prisons both men and women.
I know that, when I come to you, I will come in the fullness of the blessing of the gospel of Christ.
Yet, in answer to a man who said that the Spartans were becoming pro-Persian, Agesilaus said that rather the Persians were becoming pro-Spartan!
according to the eternal purpose which he purposed in Christ Jesus our Lord;
For this is a word of promise, At the appointed time I will come, and Sarah will have a son.
Here is the mind that has wisdom. The seven heads are seven mountains, on which the woman sits.
Chorus The anvil of Justice is planted firm. Destiny fashions her arms and forges her sword quickly, and the famed and deeply brooding Fury is bringing the son into our house, to requite at last the pollution of blood shed long ago.
Whom he predestined, those he also called. Whom he called, those he also justified. Whom he justified, those he also glorified.
who, when he was in Galilee, followed him, and served him; and many other women who came up with him to Jerusalem.
for he loves our nation, and he built our synagogue for us.
Even now I know that, whatever you ask of God, God will give you.
She has done what she could. She has anointed my body beforehand for the burying.
In this region is a bronze vessel, as much as six times greater than the cauldron dedicated by Pausanias son of Cleombrotus at the entrance of the Pontus.
He asked them to provide animals, that they might set Paul on one, and bring him safely to Felix the governor.
This is the boldness which we have toward him, that, if we ask anything according to his will, he listens to us.
Those who fed them fled, and told it in the city and in the country. The people came to see what it was that had happened.
Now he didn't say this of himself, but being high priest that year, he prophesied that Jesus would die for the nation,
But if that evil servant should say in his heart, 'My lord is delaying his coming, '
But (I suspect) that is not difficult.
They stirred up the people, the elders, and the scribes, and came on him and seized him, and brought him in to the council,
But as for Pompey, he put in at Egypt, as Brutus conjectured, and there met his doom; as for Caesar, however, Brutus tried to soften him towards Cassius also.
We must retrench during paroxysms, for to exhibit food would be injurious. And in all diseases having periodical paroxysms, we must restrict during the paroxysms.
yes, making it my aim to preach the gospel, not where Christ was already named, that I might not build on another's foundation.
Therefore, lift up the hands that hang down and the feeble knees,
Then, when they had fasted and prayed and laid their hands on them, they sent them away.
It's also written in your law that the testimony of two people is valid.
Receive him therefore in the Lord with all joy, and hold such in honor,
LUCULLUS
Meanwhile we beg you to take what we may say, not in a hostile spirit, nor as if we thought you ignorant and wished to lecture you, but rather as a suggestion on the best course to be taken, addressed to intelligent judges.
Into whatever house you enter, first say, 'Peace be to this house. '
But if anyone builds on the foundation with gold, silver, costly stones, wood, hay, or stubble;
Behold, I send you out as sheep in the midst of wolves. Therefore be wise as serpents, and harmless as doves.
Part 9 In autumn, diseases are most acute, and most mortal, on the whole. The spring is most healthy, and least mortal.
Part 55 When the liver is filled with water and bursts into the epiploon, in this case the belly is filled with water and the patient dies.
Then Darius attempted to learn whether the Greeks intended to wage war against him or to surrender themselves. He sent heralds this way and that throughout Hellas, bidding them demand a gift of earth and water for the king.
You have heard that it was said, 'An eye for an eye, and a tooth for a tooth. '
He took it down, and wrapped it in a linen cloth, and laid him in a tomb that was cut in stone, where no one had ever been laid.
Part 7 Pains occurring about the stomach, the more superficial they are, the more slight are they; and the less superficial, the more severe.
Chapter 5. CRATES (of Thebes, flor. 326 B. C. )
As I began to speak, the Holy Spirit fell on them, even as on us at the beginning.
Inasmuch as it is appointed for men to die once, and after this, judgment,
Afterward the woman also died.
He also sent with each of these bodies, as if for this very purpose, a guard of soldiers and an officer, who pretended to search for and receive the money.
They asked him, Tell us: by what authority do you do these things? Or who is giving you this authority?
Be diligent in these things. Give yourself wholly to them, that your progress may be revealed to all.
But these had gone ahead, and were waiting for us at Troas.
and laid them at the apostles' feet, and distribution was made to each, according as anyone had need.
Part 5 Spontaneous lassitude indicates disease.
Now to him who is able to establish you according to my gospel and the preaching of Jesus Christ, according to the revelation of the mystery which has been kept secret through long ages,
These he used to distribute to his friends.
Do not in any case flee.
It is sown a natural body; it is raised a spiritual body. There is a natural body and there is also a spiritual body.
On hearing these words Clearchus came to his senses, and both parties ceased from their quarrel and returned to their quarters.
So they took away the stone from the place where the dead man was lying. Jesus lifted up his eyes, and said, Father, I thank you that you listened to me.
I, Paul, write this with my own hand: I will repay it (not to mention to you that you owe to me even your own self besides).
For if a man thinks himself to be something when he is nothing, he deceives himself.
But Saul ravaged the assembly, entering into every house, and dragged both men and women off to prison.
Therefore don't be like them, for your Father knows what things you need, before you ask him.
Thus spoke Aristagoras, and Cleomenes replied: “Milesian, my guest, wait till the third day for my answer. ”
These are the two olive trees and the two lampstands, standing before the Lord of the earth.
DIONYSIUS THE ELDER
This speech and this crime that occurred turned Cyrus' son Cambyses, furiously angry, againstEgypt . So the Persians say.
Why do you see the speck of chaff that is in your brother's eye, but don't consider the beam that is in your own eye?
Then Jesus came from Galilee to the Jordan to John, to be baptized by him.
Chapter 7. PHILOLAUS (Perhaps late fifth century)
And so hail to you, lord: in my song I make my prayer to thee!
When the Sabbath was past, Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James, and Salome, bought spices, that they might come and anoint him.
Finally, be all like-minded, compassionate, loving as brothers, tenderhearted, courteous,
or he who exhorts, to his exhorting: he who gives, let him do it with liberality; he who rules, with diligence; he who shows mercy, with cheerfulness.
DAMIS
As he was dying, he said, looking towards his companions, I see that my funeral rites will be imposing.
Therefore I speak to them in parables, because seeing they don't see, and hearing, they don't hear, neither do they understand.
Judas (not Iscariot) said to him, Lord, what has happened that you are about to reveal yourself to us, and not to the world?
His son in turn was Demetrius, who, after reigning himself for a short time, died, leaving a son Philip still in his boyhood.
Where I go, you know, and you know the way.
These made a goodly number of brave men, and making their way with one impulse through the rest, they put themselves under his lead and fell upon the enemy.
Philip came and told Andrew, and in turn, Andrew came with Philip, and they told Jesus.
You know that he was revealed to take away our sins, and in him is no sin.
I speak not by way of commandment, but as proving through the earnestness of others the sincerity also of your love.
When the disciples saw him walking on the sea, they were troubled, saying, It's a ghost! and they cried out for fear.
When someone asked him what he thought to be the best form of government, he said, That in which the greatest number of citizens are willing, without civil strife, to vie with one another in virtue.
and desiring to be fed with the crumbs that fell from the rich man's table. Yes, even the dogs came and licked his sores.
Walk in wisdom toward those who are outside, redeeming the time.
There was a man named Zacchaeus. He was a chief tax collector, and he was rich.
One man esteems one day as more important. Another esteems every day alike. Let each man be fully assured in his own mind.
Part 6 For extreme diseases, extreme methods of cure, as to restriction, are most suitable.
When one of his soldiers said, We have fallen among the enemy, he said, Why any more than they among us ?
who also declared to us your love in the Spirit.
Angels who didn't keep their first domain, but deserted their own dwelling place, he has kept in everlasting bonds under darkness for the judgment of the great day.
Tom is working there.
He blamed Pompey for abandoning the city, and imitating Themistocles rather than Pericles, when his situation was not like that of Themistocles, but rather that of Pericles.
They made a calf in those days, and brought a sacrifice to the idol, and rejoiced in the works of their hands.
When they are already budding, you see it and know by your own selves that the summer is already near.
knowing that whatever good thing each one does, he will receive the same again from the Lord, whether he is bound or free.
Now in these days, prophets came down from Jerusalem to Antioch.
but whoever may blaspheme against the Holy Spirit never has forgiveness, but is guilty of an eternal sin
and a pillar shall be set up by either party; at Lacedaemon near the statue of Apollo at Amyclae, and at Athens on the Acropolis near the statue of Athena.
Behold, he speaks openly, and they say nothing to him. Can it be that the rulers indeed know that this is truly the Christ?
Timothy, guard that which is committed to you, turning away from the empty chatter and oppositions of the knowledge which is falsely so called;
Finally, my brothers, rejoice in the Lord. To write the same things to you, to me indeed is not tiresome, but for you it is safe.
Disease was the real cause of his death; though there is a story of his having ended his life by poison, on finding himself unable to fulfil his promises to the king.
For this is not that others may be eased and you distressed,
Therefore Jesus also, that he might sanctify the people through his own blood, suffered outside of the gate.
For I know nothing against myself. Yet I am not justified by this, but he who judges me is the Lord.
A wife is bound by law for as long as her husband lives; but if the husband is dead, she is free to be married to whoever she desires, only in the Lord.
Oh stranger, tell the Lacedaemonians that here we lie, obedient to their words.
He said, Abba, Father, all things are possible to you. Please remove this cup from me. However, not what I desire, but what you desire.
But when Paul had appealed to be kept for the decision of the emperor, I commanded him to be kept until I could send him to Caesar.
But when the fruit is ripe, immediately he puts forth the sickle, because the harvest has come.
Tecmessa When you make that prayer, pray at the same time for me that I, too, may die. What reason is there for me to live when you are dead?
Dion, on the other hand, gave Dionysius much support in order to win his favour, when he was secure in his confidence, and when he was discredited by him, it was to gratify anger that he went to war.
What then? That which Israel seeks for, that he didn't obtain, but the elect obtained it, and the rest were hardened.
Chorus Although he is a prophet, he has stained his sanctuary with pollution at its hearth, at his own urging, at his own bidding; against the law of the gods, he has honored mortal things and caused the ancient allotments to decay.
(all of which perish with use), according to the precepts and doctrines of men?
Immediately in the synagogues he proclaimed the Christ, that he is the Son of God.
Think, too, of the younger men and boys. Will they not envy their death and strive themselves to take as an example these men's lives, in place of which they have left behind their valor?
But thanks be to God, that, whereas you were bondservants of sin, you became obedient from the heart to that form of teaching whereunto you were delivered.
the men were alike not only in the good principles which they adopted, but also in the good fortune which they enjoyed in their conduct of affairs,
When they had sung a hymn, they went out to the Mount of Olives.
Indeed, they may be seen exercising, and it lies with them to take the initiative; and not having to maintain a blockade, they have greater facilities for drying their ships.
Let love be without hypocrisy. Abhor that which is evil. Cling to that which is good.
When they could not come near to him for the crowd, they removed the roof where he was. When they had broken it up, they let down the mat that the paralytic was lying on.
But they were silent, for they had disputed one with another on the way about who was the greatest.
Now the chief priests and the elders persuaded the multitudes to ask for Barabbas, and destroy Jesus.
Part 35 Sneezing occurring to a woman affected with hysterics, and in difficult labor, is a good symptom.
If I dole out all my goods to feed the poor, and if I give my body to be burned, but don't have love, it profits me nothing.
It is a good symptom when swelling on the outside of the neck seizes a person very ill of quinsy, for the disease is turned outwardly.
So then, brothers, we are not children of a handmaid, but of the free woman.
The people shouted, The voice of a god, and not of a man!
Part 23 If a fright or despondency lasts for a long time, it is a melancholic affection.
They called Barnabas Jupiter, and Paul Mercury, because he was the chief speaker.
Almost immediately after this, fresh differences arose between the Athenians and Peloponnesians, and contributed their share to the war.
Whoever hates his brother is a murderer, and you know that no murderer has eternal life remaining in him.
He came to the second, and said the same thing. He answered, 'I go, sir,' but he didn't go.
The men marveled, saying, What kind of man is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?
The grace of the Lord Jesus Christ be with all the saints. Amen.
Which of you convicts me of sin? If I tell the truth, why do you not believe me?
But the eleven disciples went into Galilee, to the mountain where Jesus had sent them.
By faith, Moses, when he was born, was hidden for three months by his parents, because they saw that he was a beautiful child, and they were not afraid of the king's commandment.
Since the world began it has never been heard of that anyone opened the eyes of someone born blind.
This was not as we had hoped, but first they gave their own selves to the Lord, and to us through the will of God.
For to this end Christ died, rose, and lived again, that he might be Lord of both the dead and the living.
that the ordinance of the law might be fulfilled in us, who walk not after the flesh, but after the Spirit.
His disciples answered him, From where could one satisfy these people with bread here in a deserted place?
All who are with me greet you. Greet those who love us in faith. Grace be with you all. Amen.
We give no occasion of stumbling in anything, that our service may not be blamed,
I said, 'What shall I do, Lord? ' The Lord said to me, 'Arise, and go into Damascus. There you will be told about all things which are appointed for you to do. '
Part 35 When the scum on the surface is fatty and copious, it indicates acute diseases of the kidneys.
The Libyans came in leather garments, using javelins of burnt wood. Their commander was Massages son of Oarizus.
But he perceived their craftiness, and said to them, Why do you test me?
Chapter 3. EPICHARMUS (c. 550-460 B. C. )
Therefore don't be partakers with them.
which was begun by the Athenians and Peloponnesians by the dissolution of the thirty years' truce made after the conquest of Euboea.
ARISTON
But he, knowing their thoughts, said to them, Every kingdom divided against itself is brought to desolation. A house divided against itself falls.
pursued, yet not forsaken; struck down, yet not destroyed;
The die is cast.
Those who saw it told them how he who had been possessed by demons was healed.
from that time waiting until his enemies are made the footstool of his feet.
When Jesus heard it, he marveled, and said to those who followed, Most assuredly I tell you, I haven't found so great a faith, not even in Israel.
Epaenetus said that liars are to blame for all sins and crimes.
To meet the case of a hostile approach at night, he assigned the duty of acting as sentries outside the lines to the Sciritae. In these days the duty is shared by foreigners, if any happen to be present in the camp.
But be it so, I did not myself burden you. But, being crafty, I caught you with deception.
After this convention Therimenes handed over the fleet to Astyochus, sailed off in a small boat, and was lost.
Likewise, you younger ones, be subject to the elder. Yes, all of you gird yourselves with humility, to subject yourselves to one another; for God resists the proud, but gives grace to the humble.
This Jesus God raised up, whereof we all are witnesses.
But you, when you fast, anoint your head, and wash your face;
Others fell among thorns. The thorns grew up and choked them:
The farmers took his servants, beat one, killed another, and stoned another.
Paul, called to be an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, and our brother Sosthenes,
We know the dangers.
Blessed is he who reads and those who hear the words of the prophecy, and keep the things that are written in it, for the time is at hand.
You say you spoke against those who wished to destroy us.
In fevers which do not intermit, if the external parts be cold, and the internal burning hot, and fever prevail, it is a mortal sign.
Having therefore such a hope, we use great boldness of speech,
He answered them, He who has two coats, let him give to him who has none. He who has food, let him do likewise.
Beloved, don't imitate that which is evil, but that which is good. He who does good is of God. He who does evil hasn't seen God.
Now there was a man of the Pharisees named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews.
They were willing therefore to receive him into the boat. Immediately the boat was at the land where they were going.
He came near and touched the coffin, and the bearers stood still. He said, Young man, I tell you, arise!
He has shown strength with his arm. He has scattered the proud in the imagination of their heart.
They went out and preached that people should repent.
that Christ may dwell in your hearts through faith; to the end that you, being rooted and grounded in love,
But we all, with unveiled face beholding as in a mirror the glory of the Lord, are transformed into the same image from glory to glory, even as from the Lord, the Spirit.
Chorus And what a number of cities he captured! without crossing the stream of Halys or even stirring from his own hearth: such as the Acheloancities on the Strymonian sea which is located beside the Thracian settlements.
Its subject was Greek, Andromache bidding farewell to Hector; she was taking from his arms their little son, while her eyes were fixed upon her husband.
He was not the light, but was sent that he might testify about the light.
Now, brothers, I know that you did this in ignorance, as did also your rulers.
The soldiers' counsel was to kill the prisoners, so that none of them would swim out and escape.
It is actually reported that there is sexual immorality among you, and such sexual immorality as is not even named among the Gentiles, that one has his father's wife.
We live in a house.
They said to him, 'Because no one has hired us. 'He said to them, 'You also go into the vineyard, and you will receive whatever is right. '
If anyone among you thinks himself to be religious while he doesn't bridle his tongue, but deceives his heart, this man's religion is worthless.
The book of the prophet Isaiah was handed to him. He opened the book, and found the place where it was written,
Ram became the father of Amminadab. Amminadab became the father of Nahshon. Nahshon became the father of Salmon.
At all events, it was a common saying that the cities of Greece were taken, not by Philip, but by Philip’s money.
Jesus went out from the temple, and was going on his way. His disciples came to him to show him the buildings of the temple.
Now there were dwelling at Jerusalem Jews, devout men, from every nation under the sky.
When Otanes heard that, he saw more clearly how the matter stood; and he sent her this third message:
Paul's Second Letter to the Corinthians
Isaiah is very bold, and says, I was found by those who didn't seek me. I was revealed to those who didn't ask for me.
After the death of Alyattes, his son Croesus, then thirty-five years of age, came to the throne. The first Greeks whom he attacked were the Ephesians.
If the first fruit is holy, so is the lump. If the root is holy, so are the branches.
For it is said that so great stores were found laid up that petitioners and receivers failed before the abundance discovered was exhausted.
When he had said this, he showed them his hands and his side. The disciples therefore were glad when they saw the Lord.
I go down before my allotted term of life is over.
But the wise answered, saying, 'What if there isn't enough for us and you? You go rather to those who sell, and buy for yourselves. '
Immediately Jesus, perceiving in himself that the power had gone out from him, turned around in the crowd, and asked, Who touched my clothes?
Furthermore, Timaeus says that even Gylippus was sent away in ignominy and dishonour by the Syracusans, because they found him guilty of avarice and greed while he was their general.
Italy
PHILIP THE FATHER OF ALEXANDER
COMPARISON OF DEMETRIUS AND ANTONY
and were continually in the temple, praising and blessing God. Amen.
Now the parable is this: The seed is the word of God.
Now, behold, I know that you all, among whom I went about preaching the Kingdom of God, will see my face no more.
Jesus therefore said to them again, Most assuredly, I tell you, I am the sheep's door.
Servants, obey in all things those who are your masters according to the flesh, not just when they are looking, as men-pleasers, but in singleness of heart, fearing God.
Part 43 If erysipelas of the womb seize a woman with child, it will probably prove fatal.
Part 3 In protracted cases of dysentery, loathing of food is a bad symptom, and still worse, if along with fever.
The good man out of his good treasure brings out good things, and the evil man out of his evil treasure brings out evil things.
What shall we say then? That the Gentiles, who didn't follow after righteousness, attained to righteousness, even the righteousness which is of faith;
Thomas says to him, Lord, we don't know where you are going. How can we know the way?
She went out, and said to her mother, What shall I ask? She said, The head of John the Baptizer.
O Lord, Lycia is yours and lovely Maeoniaand Miletus, charming city by the sea, but over wave-girt Delos you greatly reign your own self.
Thus Sitalces, son of Teres, king of the Thracians, and Perdiccas, son of Alexander, king of the Macedonians, became allies of Athens.
Herod and Pilate became friends with each other that very day, for before that they were enemies with each other.
PHILOPOEMEN
I am glad for your sakes that I was not there, so that you may believe. Nevertheless, let's go to him.
On his death-bed he accounted himself happy in that no Athenian, because of him, had ever put on a black garment.
But I say that the things which the Gentiles sacrifice, they sacrifice to demons, and not to God, and I don't desire that you would have communion with demons.
He said to them, Why are you fearful, oh you of little faith? Then he got up, rebuked the wind and the sea, and there was a great calm.
In the female flux (immoderate menstruation? ), if convulsion and deliquium come on, it is bad.
Now, as time went on, the city of Epidamnus became great and populous;
Whoever confesses that Jesus is the Son of God, God remains in him, and he in God.
for he had an only daughter, about twelve years of age, and she was dying. But as he went, the multitudes thronged him.
Jesus went out, and he saw a great multitude. He had compassion on them, and healed their sick.
You observe days, months, seasons, and years.
I am no more worthy to be called your son. Make me as one of your hired servants. '
Be gracious, Hephaestus, and grant me success and prosperity!
Amphitryon Gently raise your dirge of woe, old friends; or he will wake, and, bursting his bonds, destroy the city, rend his father, and dash his house to pieces.
Sicily and the Other Islands
Where then is the boasting? It is excluded. By what manner of law? Of works? No, but by a law of faith.
He charged those in power to be sparing of their authority, so that authority might continue always to be theirs.
(as it is written in the law of the Lord, Every male who opens the womb shall be called holy to the Lord),
What was sown on the rocky places, this is he who hears the word, and immediately with joy receives it;
But to each one is given the manifestation of the Spirit for the profit of all.
Come here and help.
Don't let him who eats despise him who doesn't eat. Don't let him who doesn't eat judge him who eats, for God has received him.
The Ephors fined Sciraphidas because he was wronged by many.
Again he sent out other servants, saying, 'Tell those who are invited, Behold, I have made ready my dinner. My oxen and my fatlings are killed, and all things are ready. Come to the marriage feast!'
There are also celestial bodies, and terrestrial bodies; but the glory of the celestial differs from that of the terrestrial.
If therefore they tell you, 'Behold, he is in the wilderness, ' don't go out; 'Behold, he is in the inner chambers, ' don't believe it.
What then? Shall we sin, because we are not under law, but under grace? May it never be!
And you, child, will be called a prophet of the Most High, For you will go before the face of the Lord to make ready his ways,
As they went out, behold, a mute man who was demon possessed was brought to him.
There are few bears, and the wolves are little bigger than foxes; both these are buried wherever they are found lying.
Then Jesus spoke to the multitudes and to his disciples,
You show that you have something new to reveal.
For if we sin willfully after we have received the knowledge of the truth, there remains no more a sacrifice for sins,
In the same way he also took the cup, after supper, saying, This cup is the new covenant in my blood. Do this, as often as you drink, in memory of me.
I have friends.
They had breastplates, like breastplates of iron. The sound of their wings was like the sound of chariots, or of many horses rushing to war.
each of you not just looking to his own things, but each of you also to the things of others.
They have no root in themselves, but are short-lived. When oppression or persecution arises because of the word, immediately they stumble.
Part 20 If persons free from fever be seized with tormina, heaviness of the knees, and pains of the loins, this indicates that purging downward is required.
But the Pharisees, when they saw it, said to him, Behold, your disciples do what is not lawful to do on the Sabbath.
Paul stood up, and beckoning with his hand said, Men of Israel, and you who fear God, listen.
Don't judge, And you won't be judged. Don't condemn, And you won't be condemned. Set free, And you will be set free.
But Jesus answered them, My Father is still working, so I am working, too.
But Herod, when he heard this, said, This is John, whom I beheaded. He has risen from the dead.
When I send Artemas to you, or Tychicus, be diligent to come to me to Nicopolis, for I have determined to winter there.
He was the burning and shining lamp, and you were willing to rejoice for a while in his light.
AGIS
Jesus answered him, Because I told you, 'I saw you underneath the fig tree, ' do you believe? You will see greater things than these!
but into the second the high priest alone, once in the year, not without blood, which he offers for himself, and for the errors of the people.
But you, beloved, remember the words which have been spoken before by the apostles of our Lord Jesus Christ.
For of these are those who creep into houses, and take captive gullible women loaded down with sins, led away by various lusts,
As Jesus passed by from there, two blind men followed him, calling out and saying, Have mercy on us, son of David!
Jesus said to her, Woman, what does that have to do with you and me? My hour has not yet come.
Come, see a man who told me everything that I did. Can this be the Christ?
Jesus said to her, Your brother will rise again.
For even in Thessalonica you sent once and again to my need.
because we wanted to come to you indeed, I, Paul, once and again but Satan hindered us.
Then Jesus was led up by the Spirit into the wilderness to be tempted by the devil.
For godly sorrow works repentance to salvation, which brings no regret. But the sorrow of the world works death.
Let us not wait for οthers.
Little children, let no one lead you astray. He who does righteousness is righteous, even as he is righteous.
In the belief, then, that such misunderstandings are best settled by conference, I have come here, and I wish to point out to you that you are mistaken in distrusting us.
If we say that we have no sin, we deceive ourselves, and the truth is not in us.
and cried out as they looked at the smoke of her burning, saying, 'What is like the great city? '
Sea, fire, and woman, three disasters.
Even when he admonished, he was thought to denounce, and when he would not share men’s sins, to despise.
No, much rather, those members of the body which seem to be weaker are necessary.
As he was praying, the appearance of his face was altered, and his clothing became white and dazzling.
When we had come to Jerusalem, the brothers received us gladly.
When they had climbed to the top of the pass, after offering sacrifice and setting up a trophy they descended into the plain on the farther side, and reached villages full of many good things.
Mary Magdalene came and told the disciples that she had seen the Lord, and that he had said these things to her.
In the house, his disciples asked him again about the same matter.
When they drew near to Jerusalem, to Bethsphage and Bethany, at the Mount of Olives, he sent two of his disciples,
When another asked the same question, he said, You will think they are many, if you see them fight.
But about midnight Paul and Silas were praying and singing hymns to God, and the prisoners were listening to them.
Even as Abraham believed God, and it was counted to him for righteousness.
It's impossible.
But he spoke all the more, If I must die with you, I will not deny you. They all said the same thing.
COMPARISON OF ALCIBIADES AND CORIOLANUS
EPAMEINONDAS
3. Tissaphernes shall provide pay for the ships now present, according to the agreement, until the arrival of the king's vessels;
For many walk, of whom I told you often, and now tell you even weeping, as the enemies of the cross of Christ,
When Brutus learned of the defeat of Cassius, he rode towards him, but heard of his death when he was already near his camp.
Know therefore that those who are of faith, the same are sons of Abraham.
LEOTYCHIDAS, SON OF ARISTON
haven't you shown partiality among yourselves, and become judges with evil thoughts?
He said therefore to the multitudes who went out to be baptized by him, You offspring of vipers, who warned you to flee from the wrath to come?
For whoever has, to him will be given, and he will have abundance, but whoever doesn't have, from him will be taken away even that which he has.
Then I came to the regions of Syria and Cilicia.
You foolish one, that which you yourself sow is not made alive unless it dies.
for the Father himself loves you, because you have loved me, and have believed that I came forth from God.
The poets say that sleep is the brother of death.
When he had fixed the contributions that the Greeks were to pay, he returned poorer by exactly as much as he spent on his journey.
One swallow does not make a spring.
COMPARISON OF LUCULLUS AND CIMON
For this cause a man will leave his father and mother, and will join to his wife,
and when he saw that his friends and officers were implacably hostile to them, he saved their lives by hiding them and helping them to escape.
It happened, when Jesus returned, that the multitude welcomed him, for they were all waiting for him.
The seven then met and gave each other tokens of good faith and spoke together; and when it was Darius' turn to declare his mind, he spoke as follows:
He called one of the servants to him, and asked what was going on.
You also be patient. Establish your hearts, for the coming of the Lord is at hand.
For we know that the law is spiritual, but I am fleshly, sold under sin.
He wrote a letter like this:
As the Athenians were about to begin the attack, Nicias went along the lines, and addressed these words of encouragement to the army and the nations composing it:
Whenever Pericles was about to take command of the army, as he was donning his general’s cloak, he used to say to himself, Take care, Pericles; youare about to command free-born men who are both Greeks and Athenians.
Now after some years, I came to bring gifts to the needy to my nation, and offerings;
but (which becomes women professing godliness) with good works.
Tom lives in the country.
Part 5Having pounded the white unripe grape in a mortar of red bronze, and passed it through the strainer, expose it to the sun during the day, but remove it during the night, that it may not suffer from the dew; rub it constantly during the day, so that it may dry equally, and may contract as much virtue as possible from the bronze: let it be exposed to the sun for as great a length of time as till it acquire the thickness of honey; then put it into a bronze pot with the fresh honey and sweet wine, in which turpentine resin has been previously boiled, boil the resin in the wine until it become hard like boiled honey; then take out the resin and pour off the wine: there should be the greatest proportion of the juice of unripe grape, next of the wine, and third of the honey and myrrh, either the liquid (stacte) or otherwise. The finest kind is to be levigated and moistened by having a small quantity of the same wine poured on it; and then the myrrh is to be boiled by itself, stirring it in the wine; and when it appears to have attained the proper degree of thickness, it is to be poured into the juice of the unripe grape; and the finest natron is to be toasted, and gently added to the medicine, along with a smaller quantity of the flowers of copper (flos aeris) than of the natron. When you have mixed these things, boil for not less than three days, on a gentle fire made with fuel of the fig-tree or with coals, lest it catch fire. The applications should all be free from moisture, and the sores should not be wetted when this medicine is applied in the form of liniment. This medicine is to be used for old ulcers, and also for recent wounds of the glans penis, and ulcers on the head and ears. Another medicine for the same ulcers: -The dried gall of an ox, the finest honey, white wine, in which the shavings of the lotus have been boiled, frankincense, of myrrh an equal part, of saffron an equal part, the flowers of copper, in like manner of liquids, the greatest proportion of wine, next of honey, and least of the gall. Another: -Wine, a little cedar honey, of dried things, the flowers of copper, myrrh, dried pomegranate rind. Another: -Of the roasted flower of copper half a drachm, of myrrh two half-drachms, of saffron three drachms, of honey a small quantity, to be boiled with wine. Another: -Of frankincense a drachm, of gall a drachm, of saffron three drachms; let each of these be dried and finely levigated, then, having mixed, triturate in a very strong sun, pouring in the juice of an unripe grape, until it become of a gelatinous consistence, for three days; then let them be allowed to macerate in an austere, dark-colored, fragrant wine, which is gradually poured upon them. Another: -Boil the roots of the holmoak in sweet white wine; and when it appears to be properly done, having poured off two parts of the wine, and of the lees of wine as free of water as possible one part; then boil, stirring it, so that it may not be burnt, at a gentle fire, until it appear to have attained the proper consistence. Another: -The other things are to be the same; but, not withstanding, instead of the wine, use the strongest white vinegar, and dip into it wool as greasy as can be procured, and then, moistening it with the lees of oil, boil, and pour in the juice of the wild fig-tree, and add Melian alum, and natron, and the flowers of copper, both toasted. This cleanses the ulcers better than the former, but the other is no less desiccant. Another: -Dip the wool in a very little water; and then, having added a third part of wine, boil until it attain the proper consistence. By these, recent ulcers are most speedily prevented from getting into a state of suppuration.
But let the brother in humble circumstances glory in his high position;
To this the barbarians made no answer, but, after talking for a long time with one another, they departed.
Why do you charge me falsely, Lady, with these wicked and impure things?
We are each one, but together we are two.
Part 21 Hemorrhage upon a strong pulsation in wounds is bad.
But if one of you suffers for being a Christian, let him not be ashamed; but let him glorify God in this matter.
Let the husband render to his wife the affection owed her, and likewise also the wife to her husband.
Part 26 Upon severe pain of the parts about the bowels, coldness of the extremities coming on is bad.
I know that I know nothing.
The veil of the temple was torn in two from the top to the bottom.
By your endurance you will win your lives.
One of the multitude said to him, Teacher, tell my brother to divide the inheritance with me.
But let him who is taught in the word share all good things with him who teaches.
The gift is not as through one who sinned: for the judgment came by one to condemnation, but the free gift came of many trespasses to justification.
There are various kinds of workings, but the same God, who works all things in all.
Knowing therefore the fear of the Lord, we persuade men, but we are revealed to God; and I hope that we are revealed also in your consciences.
Your father Abraham rejoiced to see my day. He saw it, and was glad.
Confess your offenses to one another, and pray one for another, that you may be healed. The effective, earnest prayer of a righteous man is powerfully effective.
nor seeking glory from men (neither from you nor from others), when we might have claimed authority as apostles of Christ.
The angel who I saw standing on the sea and on the land lifted up his right hand to the sky,
For no man ever hated his own flesh; but nourishes and cherishes it, even as the Lord also does the assembly;
For they were watched, as they coasted along out of the gulf, by Phormio, who wished to attack in the open sea.
Paul, an apostle (not from men, neither through man, but through Jesus Christ, and God the Father, who raised him from the dead),
Don't judge, so that you won't be judged.
He entered and was passing through Jericho.
To Pan
MENEDEMUS
Part 70 When in fevers the urine is turbid, like that of a beast of burden, in such a case there either is or will be headache.
Therefore Timoleon and the Syracusans decided to write to the Corinthians urging them to send settlers to Syracuse from Greece.
I will tell thy wandering, which do thou write in the tablets of thy memory.
The angel said to her, Don't be afraid, Mary, for you have found favor with God.
Moses was instructed in all the wisdom of the Egyptians. He was mighty in his words and works.
With many other words he testified, and exhorted them, saying, Save yourselves from this crooked generation!
Consider the lilies, how they grow. They don't toil, neither do they spin; yet I tell you, even Solomon in all his glory was not arrayed like one of these.
He came to Capernaum, and when he was in the house he asked them, What were you arguing among yourselves on the way?
For when equal successes follow an unequal equipment, the greater credit accrues to the commander.
Such was the funeral that took place during this winter, with which the first year of the war came to an end.
Whereupon he promised with an oath to give her whatever she should ask.
Let each man stay in that calling in which he was called.
Chapter 13. SIMON
In a very protracted disease, loss of appetite and unmixed discharges from the bowels are bad symptoms.
neither give place to the devil.
We might here also reckon up more notes; but these are sufficient to let us understand the nature and manners of Herodotus.
Again, when he brings in the firstborn into the world he says, Let all the angels of God worship him.
For it is God who works in you both to will and to work, for his good pleasure.
who has been made, not after the law of a fleshly commandment, but after the power of an endless life:
Therefore I take pleasure in weaknesses, in injuries, in necessities, in persecutions, in distresses, for Christ's sake. For when I am weak, then am I strong.
Putting to sea from there, we sailed under the lee of Cyprus, because the winds were contrary.
Neither do you light a lamp, and put it under a measuring basket, but on a stand; and it shines to all who are in the house.
For it is written, 'As I live, ' says the Lord, 'to me every knee will bow. Every tongue will confess to God. '
I tell you, no, but, unless you repent, you will all perish in the same way.
Seeing the multitudes, he went up onto the mountain. When he had sat down, his disciples came to him.
Chorus But may you with good courage, when the part of action comes, cry out loud the name Father when she exclaims Son, and accomplish the baneful but irreproachable deed.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
They were about twelve men in all.
PART 35XXXV. It is a great thing successfully to adapt quantity to power.
Minos put down piracy, that his revenues might come to him better.
When John's messengers had departed, he began to tell the multitudes about John, What did you go out into the wilderness to see? A reed shaken by the wind?
So you also have some who hold to the teaching of the Nicolaitans in the same way.
You have condemned, you have murdered the righteous one. He doesn't resist you.
PART 3III. It makes into the likeness of a power, when the nutriment that comes in has the mastery, and when that is mastered which was there to begin with.
But he answered, I wasn't sent to anyone but the lost sheep of the house of Israel.
Tom is looking at the ceiling.
He even tried to profane the temple. We arrested him.
He said to her, For this saying, go your way. The demon has gone out of your daughter.
They laid their hands on him, and seized him.
But they, when they heard this, were cut to the heart, and determined to kill them.
For I know that this will turn out to my salvation, through your supplication and the supply of the Spirit of Jesus Christ,
Those who have believing masters, let them not despise them, because they are brothers, but rather let them serve them, because those who partake of the benefit are believing and beloved. Teach and exhort these things.
Behold, a man from the crowd called out, saying, Teacher, I beg you to look at my son, for he is my only child.
He spoke to his disciples that a little boat should stay near him because of the crowd, so that they wouldn't press on him.
He said, How will we liken the Kingdom of God? Or with what parable will we illustrate it?
Part 17 Anorexia, heartburn, vertigo, and a bitter taste of the mouth, in a person free from fever, indicate the want of purging upward.
whereas all places in the ground which are packed tight and unworked, are incapable of generating water, since they have not been subjected to the agitation which produces moisture.
As we have said before, so I now say again: if any man preaches to you any gospel other than that which you received, let him be cursed.
They watched him, whether he would heal him on the Sabbath day, that they might accuse him.
Lycurgus, the Spartan, introduced the custom among his citizens of wearing their hair long, saying that it made the beautiful more comely and the ugly more frightful.
Question II
It is a fearful thing to fall into the hands of the living God.
On the first day of the week, let each one of you save, as he may prosper, that no collections be made when I come.
But though the misfortune of Dionysius seemed extraordinary, none the less did the good fortune of Timoleon have something marvellous about it.
For, in the first place, the earth yields to cultivators the food by which men live; she yields besides the luxuries they enjoy.
THE SYRIAN WARS
Nevertheless I must go on my way today and tomorrow and the next day, for it can't be that a prophet perish outside of Jerusalem. '
When he invaded Arcadia, he learned that the Eleans were supporting the Arcadians, and so he sent this letter to them: Archidamus to the Eleans. Quiet is a good thing.
And this was the chief reason, as it would seem, why he feared Demetrius and compassed his death, lest the royal house having a true-born heir to the throne, should uncover his own spurious birth.
Where is the entrance?
He answered, He who dipped his hand with me in the dish, the same will betray me.
I think everybody should learn another language.
In holiness and righteousness before him all the days of our life.
You have heard that it was said, 'You shall love your neighbor, and hate your enemy. '
The parasang is three and three quarters miles, and the schoenus, which is an Egyptian measure, is twice that.
And this would seem to have been the most displeasing thing in Timoleon’s career; for if he had opposed it, the women would not have been thus put to death.
Am I not free? Am I not an apostle? Haven't I seen Jesus Christ, our Lord? Aren't you my work in the Lord?
They laughed him to scorn, knowing that she was dead.
The high priest, Ananias, commanded those who stood by him to strike him on the mouth.
When you hear of wars and rumors of wars, don't be troubled. For those must happen, but the end is not yet.
The officers answered, No man ever spoke like this man!
and said, This man said, 'I am able to destroy the temple of God, and to build it in three days. '
But even if you should suffer for righteousness' sake, you are blessed. Don't fear what they fear, neither be troubled.
So he called them in and lodged them. On the next day Peter arose and went out with them, and some of the brothers from Joppa accompanied him.
Before this the city consisted of the present citadel and the district beneath it looking rather towards the south.
Fever supervening on painful affections of the liver removes the pain.
For judgment is without mercy to him who has shown no mercy. Mercy triumphs over judgment.
The struggle now was between the army trying to force a democracy upon the city, and the Four Hundred an oligarchy upon the camp.
Let no man therefore judge you in eating, or in drinking, or with respect to a feast day or a new moon or a Sabbath day,
GAIUS FABRICIUS
For what does it profit a man if he gains the whole world, and loses or forfeits his own self?
The Letter to the Hebrews
(For the Pharisees, and all the Jews, don't eat unless they wash their hands and forearms, holding to the tradition of the elders.
After saying goodbye to each other, we went on board the ship, and they returned home again.
What does the fox say?
They were saying among themselves, Who will roll away the stone from the door of the tomb for us?
If I by Beelzebul cast out demons, by whom do your sons cast them out? Therefore they will be your judges.
But he answered, It is written, 'Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word that proceeds out of the mouth of God. '
Some of those who stood by, when they heard it, said, Behold, he is calling Elijah.
PTOLEMY, SON OF LAGUS
Cho. Go ye, then: but I think that you will repent of these proceedings.
Therefore don't be foolish, but understand what the will of the Lord is.
For within fifty days after his landing in Sicily the acropolis of Syracuse was surrendered to him and Dionysius was sent off to Peloponnesus.
But Hicetas came with five thousand soldiers, while Timoleon had no more than twelve hundred all told.
Now, therefore, I am in no peril of what most concerned me, and am confident, and I think that Fortune will remain constant to our city and do her no harm.
Therefore the Father loves me, because I lay down my life, that I may take it again.
whom they set before the apostles. When they had prayed, they laid their hands on them.
For the time will come when they will not listen to the sound doctrine, but, having itching ears, will heap up for themselves teachers after their own lusts;
To give knowledge of salvation to his people by the remission of their sins,
This is my commandment, that you love one another, even as I have loved you.
Upon their return to Rhegium they found the Athenian general, Pythodorus, son of Isolochus, come to supersede Laches in the command of the fleet.
For he was lacerated by his misfortunes, and sought to turn the responsibility for his defeat away from himself and upon everybody else.
The demons begged him, saying, If you cast us out, permit us to go away into the herd of pigs.
without natural affection, unforgiving, slanderers, without self-control, fierce, no lovers of good,
that they may train the young women to love their husbands, to love their children,
This pyramid was made like stairs, which some call steps and others, tiers.
For they had seen Trophimus, the Ephesian, with him in the city, and they supposed that Paul had brought him into the temple.
Of his soldiers, only the Cretans followed after him, not through good will, but because they were as devoted to his riches as bees to their honeycombs.
Hasten slowly.
The Athenians pursuing, unable to surround and hem them in, owing to the strength of the ground, attacked them in front and tried to storm the position.
They all left him, and fled.
Part 78 In those cases where there is a spontaneous discharge of bloody urine, it indicates rupture of a small vein in the kidneys.
But Jesus said, Leave her alone. She has kept this for the day of my burial.
If any man speaks in another language, let it be two, or at the most three, and in turn; and let one interpret.
whom not having known you love; in whom, though now you don't see him, yet believing, you rejoice greatly with joy unspeakable and full of glory
For if Joshua had given them rest, he would not have spoken afterward of another day.
While they were staying in Galilee, Jesus said to them, The Son of Man is about to be delivered up into the hands of men,
That which I speak, I don't speak according to the Lord, but as in foolishness, in this confidence of boasting.
Jesus said to him, Friend, why are you here? Then they came and laid hands on Jesus, and took him.
One of the two who heard John, and followed him, was Andrew, Simon Peter's brother.
Part 58 A rigor supervening in a case of ardent fever, produces resolution of it.
And I wept much, because no one was found worthy to open the book, or to look in it.
For we know in part, and we prophesy in part;
Having then a great high priest, who has passed through the heavens, Jesus, the Son of God, let us hold tightly to our confession.
Rejoice, and be exceedingly glad, for great is your reward in heaven. For that is how they persecuted the prophets who were before you.
Part 44 In cases attended with protracted fevers, tubercles (phymata) or pains occur about the joints.
He answered, 'I will not, ' but afterward he changed his mind, and went.
Then he touched their eyes, saying, According to your faith be it done to you.
CYRUS THE YOUNGER
He would not allow either slave or freedman of his to take anything or even buy anything from the spoil, when everybody was engaged in looting and plundering.
I, Tertius, who write the letter, greet you in the Lord.
When he had begun to reconcile, one was brought to him who owed him ten thousand talents.
But I rejoice in the Lord greatly, that now at length you have revived your thought for me; in which you did indeed take thought, but you lacked opportunity.
He said to her, Daughter, cheer up. Your faith has made you well. Go in peace.
The king rose up with the governor, and Bernice, and those who sat with them.
Be so kind, then, as to give me this gift.
Let the Christ, the King of Israel, now come down from the cross, that we may see and believe him. Those who were crucified with him insulted him.
Acrae and Casmenae were founded by the Syracusans; Acrae seventy years after Syracuse, Casmenae nearly twenty after Acrae.
CATULUS LUTATIUS
For the law works wrath, for where there is no law, neither is there disobedience.
“Take courage, good ; you have found favour with my heart. I am loud-crying Dionysus whom Cadmus' daughter Semele bare of union with Zeus. ”
Therefore when the Lord knew that the Pharisees had heard that Jesus was making and baptizing more disciples than John
When he had said this, and had taken bread, he gave thanks to God in the presence of all, and he broke it, and began to eat.
They profess that they know God, but by their works they deny him, being abominable, disobedient, and unfit for any good work.
For we were also once foolish, disobedient, deceived, serving various lusts and pleasures, living in malice and envy, hateful, and hating one another.
if by any means I may attain to the resurrection from the dead.
Those who passed by blasphemed him, wagging their heads,
He said to them, This kind can come out by nothing, except by prayer and fasting.
If any of the intestines be transfixed, it does not unite.
It had been less difficult for them to get an army to leave Peloponnese, because of the ill fortune of the Lacedaemonians at the present moment.
Chapter 1. SPEUSIPPUS (circa 407-339 B. C. ) (Head of the Academy, 347-339 B. C. )
But Mary kept all these sayings, pondering them in her heart.
Or have you not read in the law, that on the Sabbath day, the priests in the temple profane the Sabbath, and are guiltless?
For this is good and acceptable in the sight of God our Savior;
The lord of that servant, being moved with compassion, released him, and forgave him the debt.
But he who received the one went away and dug in the earth, and hid his lord's money.
When Moses saw it, he wondered at the sight. As he came close to see, a voice of the Lord came to him,
But when he came to himself he said, 'How many hired servants of my father's have bread enough to spare, and I'm dying with hunger!
Of Cytherea, born in Cyprus, I will sing. She gives kindly gifts to men: smiles are ever on her lovely face, and lovely is the brightness that plays over it.
Part 28 Whatever piece of bone, cartilage, or nerve (tendon? ) is cut off, it neither grows nor unites.
For to take from an enemy against his will is, I think, the greatest of all pleasures, but favours from a loved one are very pleasant, I fancy, only when he consents.
for neither was man created for the woman, but woman for the man.
A mouth speaking great things and blasphemy was given to him. Authority to make war for forty-two months was given to him.
But the Athenians have plenty of other land in their empire, and can import what they want by sea.
When they were filled, he said to his disciples, Gather up the broken pieces which are left over, that nothing be lost.
John's Third Letter
and said, 'Cornelius, your prayer is heard, and your gifts to the needy are remembered in the sight of God.
I don't trust strangers.
Take no bag for your journey, neither two coats, nor shoes, nor staff: for the laborer is worthy of his food.
COMPARISON OF TIMOLEON AND AEMILIUS
because for the work of Christ he came near to death, risking his life to supply that which was lacking in your service toward me.
saying to them, Go into the village that is opposite you, and immediately you will find a donkey tied, and a colt with her. Untie them, and bring them to me.
When the multitude was assembled there, Brutus made a speech calculated to win the people and befitting the occasion.
The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you. Amen.
There were therefore seven brothers. The first took a wife, and died childless.
He consented, and sought an opportunity to deliver him to them in the absence of the multitude.
However that which is spiritual isn't first, but that which is natural, then that which is spiritual.
Part 10 Bodies not properly cleansed, the more you nourish the more you injure.
Your fathers ate the manna in the wilderness, and they died.
From this point Olympus rises to a height of more than ten furlongs, as is signified in an inscription by the man who measured it:
You see then that by works, a man is justified, and not only by faith.
BRASIDAS
The Thebans, finding themselves outwitted, immediately closed up to repel all attacks made upon them.
Now when Jesus heard that John was delivered up, he withdrew into Galilee.
For there will arise false Christs, and false prophets, and they will show great signs and wonders, so as to lead astray, if possible, even the elect.
But when the apostles, Barnabas and Paul, heard of it, they tore their clothes, and sprang into the multitude, crying out,
Therefore if anyone is in Christ, he is a new creation. The old things have passed away. Behold, all things have become new.
He who is faithful in a very little is faithful also in much. He who is dishonest in a very little is also dishonest in much.
This saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance.
Have we no right to eat and to drink?
After these days Elizabeth, his wife, conceived, and she hid herself five months, saying,
(for that righteous man dwelling among them, was tormented in his righteous soul from day to day with seeing and hearing lawless deeds):
If we say that we haven't sinned, we make him a liar, and his word is not in us.
Straightway they stirred up the Britons to violate the oath, complaining that while a treaty with them was in force the camp was still among them.
Olympian Odes
He sternly warned them that they should not make him known.
You have heard, seen, suffered, you have him; give judgment.
What is it then? I will pray with the spirit, and I will pray with the understanding also. I will sing with the spirit, and I will sing with the understanding also.
He spoke to them openly. Peter took him, and began to rebuke him.
Such were the words of Archidamus. Last came forward Sthenelaidas, one of the Ephors for that year, and spoke to the Lacedaemonians as follows:
bearing with one another, and forgiving each other, if any man has a complaint against any; even as Christ forgave you, so you also do.
Help!
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you, that you today, even this night, before the cock crows twice, you will deny me three times.
who will pay the penalty: eternal destruction from the face of the Lord and from the glory of his might,
The same summer, without loss of time, Brasidas marched with the Chalcidians against Acanthus, a colony of the Andrians, a little before vintage.
Part 25 The summer quartans are, for the most part, of short duration; but the autumnal are protracted, especially those occurring near the approach of winter.
throwing down imaginations and every high thing that is exalted against the knowledge of God, and bringing every thought into captivity to the obedience of Christ;
Then one of the twelve, who was called Judas Iscariot, went to the chief priests,
But given these instructions, a man must himself invent a ruse to meet every emergency as it occurs. For there is really nothing more profitable in war than deception.
In this confidence, I was determined to come first to you, that you might have a second benefit;
I don't trust them.
If you search well, you will find.
Part 34 When a pregnant woman has a violent diarrhoea, there is danger of her miscarrying.
He had nothing to tell.
Chorus Toward bloodshed,and not to pour libations of Dionysus’ grape.
Immediately he entered into the boat with his disciples, and came into the region of Dalmanutha.
Jesus said to them, Neither will I tell you by what authority I do these things.
When his disciples, James and John, saw this, they said, Lord, do you want us to command fire to come down from the sky, and destroy them, just as Elijah did?
Inanimates get life, animates get life, the parts of animates get life.
When tubercles (phymata) or pains attack the joints after fevers, such persons are using too much food.
If you are willing to receive it, this is Elijah, who is to come.
Righteous Father, the world hasn't known you, but I knew you; and these knew that you sent me.
But when it was the good pleasure of God, who separated me from my mother's womb, and called me through his grace,
Don't quench the Spirit.
What agreement has Christ with Belial? Or what portion has a believer with an unbeliever?
Now the Scythians reproach the Greeks for this Bacchic revelling, saying that it is not reasonable to set up a god who leads men to madness.
He who doesn't love doesn't know God, for God is love.
When this was suspected by the better class of Syracusans, there was dissension in the army, and therefore perplexity and want of provisions in Syracuse,
Is any among you suffering? Let him pray. Is any cheerful? Let him sing praises.
The day of unleavened bread came, on which the Passover must be sacrificed.
He has given help to Israel, his servant, that he might remember mercy,
where we found brothers, and were entreated to stay with them seven days. So we came to Rome.
Samothracewas formerly inhabited by those Pelasgians who came to live among the Athenians, and it is from them that the Samothracians take their rites.
Agrippa said to Paul, You may speak for yourself. Then Paul stretched out his hand, and made his defense.
There arose an argument among them about which of them was the greatest.
But when the Jews spoke against it, I was constrained to appeal to Caesar, not that I had anything about which to accuse my nation.
As we labored exceedingly with the storm, the next day they began to throw things overboard.
She who is in Babylon, elect together with you, greets you; and so does Mark, my son.
So lightly dο the multitude take the search for truth.
You have lived delicately on the earth, and taken your pleasure. You have nourished your hearts as in a day of slaughter.
CALLICRATIDAS
This is that Moses, who said to the children of Israel , 'The Lord God will raise up a prophet to you from among your brothers, like me. '
This I say for your own profit; not that I may ensnare you, but for that which is appropriate, and that you may attend to the Lord without distraction.
Jesus said to him, Most assuredly I tell you that tonight, before the cock crows, you will deny me three times.
But what do you think? A man had two sons, and he came to the first, and said, 'Son, go work today in my vineyard. '
However, what things were gain to me, these have I counted loss for Christ.
When the dragon saw that he was thrown down to the earth, he persecuted the woman who gave birth to the male child.
As he was now going down, his servants met him and reported, saying Your child lives!
but having suffered before and been shamefully treated, as you know, at Philippi, we grew bold in our God to tell you the gospel of God in much conflict.
Most assuredly I tell you, a servant is not greater than his lord, neither one who is sent greater than he who sent him.
Then Pilate spoke to them again, wanting to release Jesus,
They stripped him, and put a scarlet robe on him.
to all who are in Rome, beloved of God, called to be saints: Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
Have this in your mind, which was also in Christ Jesus,
I have told you these things, that in me you may have peace. In the world you have oppression; but cheer up! I have overcome the world.
For whom he foreknew, he also predestined to be conformed to the image of his Son, that he might be the firstborn among many brothers.
To Earth the Mother of All
which none of the rulers of this world has known. For had they known it, they wouldn't have crucified the Lord of glory.
His mouth was opened immediately, and his tongue freed, and he spoke, blessing God.
All that have a temple of Zeus ofThebesor are of the Theban district sacrifice goats, but will not touch sheep.
For I tell you, you will not see me from now on, until you say, 'Blessed is he who comes in the name of the Lord!'
So you testify and consent to the works of your fathers. For they killed them, and you build their tombs.
He caused Epieharmus the comic poet to be punished because he made an indecent remark in the presence of his wife.
To Athena
The Athenians, however, kept grasping at more, and dismissed envoy after envoy without their having effected anything. Such was the history of the affair of Pylos.
DEMETRIUS OF PHALERUM
LYCURGUS
DAMONIDAS
Amphitryon Fortune has spread her wings, and we are ruined, ruined. Theseus What do you mean? what has he done?
For I could wish that I myself were accursed from Christ for my brothers' sake, my relatives according to the flesh,
To the Council and the Assembly of the Athenians
For about the time of forty years he put up with them in the wilderness.
He said to him, Why do you call me good? No one is good but one, that is, God. But if you want to enter into life, keep the commandments.
For Jews ask for signs, Greeks seek after wisdom,
For when Faustus blustered among the boys and bragged about his father’s absolute power, Cassius sprang up and gave him a thrashing.
Paul, as was his custom, went in to them, and for three Sabbath days reasoned with them from the Scriptures,
Which things also we speak, not in words which man's wisdom teaches, but which the Holy Spirit teaches, comparing spiritual things with spiritual things.
Then he opened their minds, that they might understand the Scriptures.
Let him turn away from evil, and do good. Let him seek peace, and pursue it.
The Pactyes wore cloaks and carried their native bows and daggers; their commander was Artayntes son of Ithamitres.
whereas our presentable parts have no such need. But God composed the body together, giving more abundant honor to the inferior part,
Having therefore, brothers, boldness to enter into the holy place by the blood of Jesus,
For this cause therefore I asked you to see and to speak with me. For because of the hope of Israel I am bound with this chain.
Jesus, perceiving the reasoning of their hearts, took a little child, and set him by his side,
The scribes and the Pharisees watched him, to see whether he would heal on the Sabbath, that they might find an accusation against him.
ANTALCIDAS
You foolish ones, didn't he who made the outside make the inside also?
Everyone who sins also commits lawlessness. Sin is lawlessness.
and saying, The time is fulfilled, and the Kingdom of God is at hand! Repent, and believe in the gospel.
The Leontines, upon the departure of the Athenians from Sicily after the pacification, had placed a number of new citizens upon the roll, and the commons had a design for redividing the land; but the upper classes, aware of their intention, called in the Syracusans and expelled the commons.
You will hear of wars and rumors of wars. See that you aren't troubled, for all this must happen, but the end is not yet.
THEMISTEAS
However, if you fulfill the royal law, according to the Scripture, You shall love your neighbor as yourself, you do well.
Or who has first given to him, And it will be repaid to him again?
Nation shall not lift up sword against nation, neither shall they learn war any more.
From there they marched two stages, ten parasangs; and on the pass leading over to the plain they encountered a body of Chalybians, Taochians, and Phasians.
Therefore I didn't even think myself worthy to come to you; but say the word, and my servant will be healed.
Such is the Persian account; in their opinion, it was the taking ofTroywhich began their hatred of the Greeks.
For Moses said, 'Honor your father and your mother; ' and, 'He who speaks evil of father or mother, let him be put to death. '
Parysatis, the mother of Cyrus and Artaxerxes, advised that he who was intending to talk frankly with the king should use words of softest texture.
As he traveled, it happened that he got close to Damascus, and suddenly a light from the sky shone around him.
Part 54 In acute diseases, complicated with fever, a moaning respiration is bad.
With these words, he showed them many splendid possessions and gave them an account of those that were so stored away as not to be easily viewed. And in conclusion he said:
When Tomyris heard what had happened to her army and her son, she sent a herald to Cyrus with this message:
and said to him, Go, wash in the pool of Siloam (which means Sent). So he went away, washed, and came back seeing.
When Jesus therefore had received the vinegar, he said, It is finished. He bowed his head, and gave up his spirit.
In this embassy joined also the Dorians from the mother country of the Lacedaemonians, with the same request, as they themselves also suffered from the same enemy.
One of them, a lawyer, asked him a question, testing him.
Besides those things that are outside, there is that which presses on me daily, anxiety for all the assemblies.
John also was baptizing in Enon near Salim, because there was much water there. They came, and were baptized.
Valour in the unfortunate obtains great reverence even among their enemies, but cowardice, in Roman eyes, even though it meet with success, is in every way a most dishonourable thing.
who, having received such a charge, threw them into the inner prison, and secured their feet in the stocks.
Jesus looking at him loved him, and said to him, One thing you lack. Go, sell whatever you have, and give to the poor, and you will have treasure in heaven; and come, follow me, taking up the cross.
He said to them, 'An enemy has done this. 'The servants asked him, 'Do you want us to go and gather them up? '
For you were once darkness, but are now light in the Lord. Walk as children of light,
The Lacedaemonians even made him a citizen of Sparta, without any regard for the anger of Dionysius, although at that time the tyrant was their zealous ally against the Thebans.
After them all, the woman died.
Wealth is the goal of managing one's affairs.
When he got into a boat, his disciples followed him.
He is 'the stone which was regarded as worthless by you, the builders, which was made the head of the corner. '
who once was useless to you, but now is useful to you and to me.
The third day, there was a marriage in Cana of Galilee. Jesus' mother was there.
The chief priests of the Jews therefore said to Pilate, Don't write, 'The King of the Jews, ' but, 'he said, I am King of the Jews. '
Hail, goddess, queen of well-built Salamis and sea-girt Cyprus; grant me a cheerful song. And now I will remember you and another song also.
for a friend of mine has come to me from a journey, and I have nothing to set before him,'
The first book I wrote, Theophilus, concerned all that Jesus began both to do and to teach,
So also Christ didn't glorify himself to be made a high priest, but it was he who said to him, You are my Son. Today I have become your father.
So you are no longer a bondservant, but a son; and if a son, then an heir of God through Christ.
They only asked us to remember the poor which very thing I was also zealous to do.
Everyone who speaks a word against the Son of Man will be forgiven, but those who blaspheme against the Holy Spirit will not be forgiven.
that older men should be temperate, sensible, sober-minded, sound in faith, in love, and in patience:
Chorus Ah! mourn
Don't be deceived! Evil companionships corrupt good morals.
And no one can quarrel with a people for making, in matters of tremendous risk, the best provision that it can for its interest.
I left you in Crete for this reason, that you would set in order the things that were lacking, and appoint elders in every city, as I directed you;
Then, as soon as he had levelled off the place, Timoleon built the courts of justice there, thus gratifying the citizens by making their democracy triumphant over tyranny.
for the earth is the Lord's, and its fullness.
He made dreadful threats, so that neither by night nor day did sleep cover me.
I protest, therefore, against any suspicions of my intentions after the guarantees which I offer, and equally so against doubts of my ability to protect you, and I invite you to join me without hesitation.
But they cried out with a loud voice, and stopped their ears, and rushed at him with one accord.
For there is one God, and one mediator between God and men, the man Christ Jesus,
Jesus answered him, Will you lay down your life for me? Most assuredly I tell you, the rooster won't crow until you have denied me three times.
He saw heaven opened and a certain container descending to him, like a great sheet let down by four corners on the earth,
True; by their unbelief they were broken off, and you stand by your faith. Don't be conceited, but fear;
but shun foolish questionings, genealogies, strife, and disputes about the law; for they are unprofitable and vain.
Mary stayed with her about three months, and then returned to her house.
being only (with meats and drinks and various washings) fleshly ordinances, imposed until a time of reformation.
The seventy returned with joy, saying, Lord, even the demons are subject to us in your name!
Herod said, John I beheaded, but who is this, about whom I hear such things? He sought to see him.
As they came out, they found a man of Cyrene, Simon by name, and they compelled him to go with them, that he might carry his cross.
To Hera
They arrived in Thrace forty days after the revolt of Potidaea.
Let us also send to Lacedaemon and Corinth, and ask them to come here and help us as soon as possible, and to keep alive the war in Hellas.
Now he said this, not because he cared for the poor, but because he was a thief, and having the money box, used to steal what was put into it.
Christ redeemed us from the curse of the law, having become a curse for us. For it is written, Cursed is everyone who hangs on a tree,
Becoming terrified, they bowed their faces down to the earth. They said to them, Why do you seek the living among the dead?
He looked around to see her who had done this thing.
for the fruit of the Spirit is in all goodness and righteousness and truth,
Their eyes were opened. Jesus strictly charged them, saying, See that no one knows about this.
So the disciples went away again to their own homes.
which, when it was filled, they drew up on the beach. They sat down, and gathered the good into containers, but the bad they threw away.
without father, without mother, without genealogy, having neither beginning of days nor end of life, but made like the Son of God), remains a priest continually.
The sun is rising.
Not long after, Stagirus, a colony of the Andrians, followed their example and revolted. Such were the events of this summer.
Part 43 Of persons who have been suspended by the neck, and are in a state of insensibility, but not quite dead, those do not recover who have foam at the mouth.
His disciples said to him, Behold, now you speak plainly, and speak no figures of speech.
for their force would have been sufficient to capture the native Greeks, even though they had not been politically weak and utterly ruined by one another.
through whom we received grace and apostleship, for obedience of faith among all the nations, for his name's sake;
For even his brothers didn't believe in him.
We're diligent.
They aren't farmers.
how the Christ must suffer, and how he first by the resurrection of the dead should proclaim light both to these people and to the Gentiles.
There were two boys, and one girl, and they were not very conscious of the magnitude of their evils because of their tender age;
Destruction and misery are in their ways.
Leave me not thus alone.
Accordingly, having vowed to the god a hecatomb and solemn games, he ordered his officers to put the army in array for battle;
These in like manner are those who are sown on the rocky places, who, when they have heard the word, immediately receive it with joy.
If this man were not from God, he could do nothing.
which is his body, the fullness of him who fills all in all.
The pity which they appeal to is rather due to men who suffer unworthily; those who suffer justly as they do, are on the contrary subjects for triumph.
Jesse became the father of David the king. David became the father of Solomon by her who had been the wife of Uriah.
but I tell you, don't swear at all: neither by heaven, for it is the throne of God;
Children, obey your parents in the Lord, for this is right.
They answered him, Are you also from Galilee? Search, and see that no prophet has arisen out of Galilee.
Then what advantage does the Jew have? Or what is the profit of circumcision?
This is the sign to you: you will find a baby wrapped in strips of cloth, lying in a feeding trough.
in beatings, in imprisonments, in riots, in labors, in watchings, in fastings;
Behold, a certain man who had dropsy was in front of him.
But a certain one of them, Caiaphas, being high priest that year, said to them, You know nothing at all,
From that time, Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent! For the Kingdom of Heaven is at hand.
So the detachment, the commanding officer, and the officers of the Jews, seized Jesus and bound him,
Kharaxus, after giving Rhodopis her freedom, returned toMytilene . He is bitterly attacked by Sappho in one of her poems. This is enough about Rhodopis.
The Athenians under Diphilus now sailed out against them with thirty-three ships from Naupactus,
The saying is faithful and worthy of all acceptance, that Christ Jesus came into the world to save sinners; of whom I am chief.
Jesus rebuked him, the demon went out of him, and the boy was cured from that hour.
Chapter 1. ANTISTHENES (c. 446-366 B. C. )
Steersmen and sailors may, therefore, confidently attend to their several duties, none quitting the station assigned to them;
She perceived that she had been wronged.
When evening came, they brought to him many possessed with demons. He cast out the spirits with a word, and healed all who were sick;
And I, if I am lifted up from the earth, will draw all people to myself.
Peter said to him, Even if I must die with you, I will not deny you. All of the disciples also said likewise.
Go your ways. Behold, I send you out as lambs among wolves.
as unknown, and yet well known; as dying, and behold, we live; as punished, and not killed;
But if all prophesy, and someone unbelieving or unlearned comes in, he is reproved by all, and he is judged by all.
As it is written in the book of the words of Isaiah the prophet, The voice of one crying in the wilderness, 'Make ready the way of the Lord. Make his paths straight.
A truce if we stay; if we leave or advance, war.
Leaping up, he stood, and began to walk. He entered with them into the temple, walking, leaping, and praising God.
Don't grumble, brothers, against one another, so that you won't be judged. Behold, the judge stands at the door.
When they had accomplished all things that were according to the law of the Lord, they returned into Galilee, to their own city, Nazareth.
Even as David also pronounces blessing on the man to whom God counts righteousness apart from works,
If anyone destroys the temple of God, God will destroy him; for God's temple is holy, which you are.
Every branch in me that doesn't bear fruit, he takes away. Every branch that bears fruit, he prunes, that it may bear more fruit.
Greet all the brothers with a holy kiss.
Therefore be merciful, Even as your Father is also merciful.
Blessed are the poor in spirit, For theirs is the Kingdom of Heaven.
Suddenly there came from the sky a sound like the rushing of a mighty wind, and it filled all the house where they were sitting.
that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through Isaiah the prophet, saying: He took our infirmities, and bore our diseases.
So when they got out on the land, they saw a fire of coals there, and fish laid on it, and bread.
You yourselves testify that I said, 'I am not the Christ,' but, 'I have been sent before him. '
For even when we were with you, we commanded you this: If anyone will not work, neither let him eat.
Moreover, in his house he built a shrine for sacrifice to Automatia, or Chance, and the house itself he consecrated to man’s sacred genius.
Confidence might possibly be felt in our superiority in heavy infantry and population, which will enable us to invade and devastate their lands.
It was winter, and Jesus was walking in the temple, in Solomon's porch.
which in its own times he will show, who is the blessed and only Ruler, the King of kings, and Lord of lords;
As it is written, There is no one righteous. No, not one.
I fed you with milk, not with meat; for you weren't yet ready. Indeed, not even now are you ready,
For it is commendable if someone endures pain, suffering unjustly, because of conscience toward God.
But I hope that you will know that we aren't disqualified.
This man I forbid any one to receive or address.
However in the assembly I would rather speak five words with my understanding, that I might instruct others also, than ten thousand words in another language.
But as the assembly is subject to Christ, so let the wives also be to their own husbands in everything.
The sight of all this increased men’s courage, called forth their energies, and made them venturesome and ready to incur dangers.
My little children, let's not love in word only, neither with the tongue only, but in deed and truth.
In the resurrection, when they rise, whose wife will she be of them? For the seven had her as a wife.
Where was he going?
Therefore God also gave them up in the lusts of their hearts to uncleanness, that their bodies should be dishonored among themselves,
Where are you going?
Now the works of the flesh are obvious, which are: adultery, sexual immorality, uncleanness, lustfulness,
His disciples came, and took the body, and buried it; and they went and told Jesus.
Therefore my judgment is that we don't trouble those from among the Gentiles who turn to God,
Iris It was not to practice self-control that the wife of Zeus sent you here.
but I beat my body and bring it into submission, lest by any means, after I have preached to others, I myself should be rejected.
You write well.
Those who led the way rebuked him, that he should be quiet; but he cried out all the more, You son of David, have mercy on me!
Let him who is in the field not return back to get his clothes.
GYRTIAS
For we did not follow cunningly devised fables, when we made known to you the power and coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, but we were eyewitnesses of his majesty.
It is like a criminal to die by sentence of court, but like a general to die fighting with the enemy.
But if anyone says to you, This was offered to idols, don't eat it for the sake of the one who told you, and for the sake of conscience. For the earth is the Lord's, and all its fullness.
Even so, every good tree produces good fruit; but the corrupt tree produces evil fruit.
Part 49 It is a good sign when swelling and redness on the breast seize a person very ill of quinsy, for in this case the disease is diverted outwardly.
The armies which are in heaven followed him on white horses, clothed in white, pure, fine linen.
EUDAMIDAS, SON OF ARCHIDAMUS
Tom is a friend.
But you are those who have continued with me in my trials.
Don't be deceived, my beloved brothers.
Question V.
Rather, it seems to me that you ought to get your provisions in foraging parties and not roam about at random, in order that you may be kept safe, and that we generals ought to have charge of this matter. This proposal was adopted.
The sun was darkened, and the veil of the temple was torn in two.
But if what I don't desire, that I do, I consent to the law that it is good.
Jesus answered him, Do you say this by yourself, or did others tell you about me?
Again, Isaiah says, There will be the root of Jesse, He who arises to rule over the Gentiles; On him will the Gentiles hope.
Some stood up, and gave false testimony against him, saying,
for God is not a God of confusion, but of peace. As in all the assemblies of the saints,
Circumcision is nothing, and uncircumcision is nothing, but the keeping of the commandments of God.
Husbands, love your wives, even as Christ also loved the assembly, and gave himself up for it;
For many will come in my name, saying, 'I am the Christ,' and will lead many astray.
After this, each of the Athenians as fast as they entered went against the wall.
Therefore let him who thinks he stands be careful that he doesn't fall.
There will be signs in the sun, moon, and stars; and on the earth anxiety of nations, in perplexity for the roaring of the sea and the waves;
You are our letter, written in our hearts, known and read by all men;
GORGO
They have over them as king the angel of the abyss. His name in Hebrew is Abaddon, but in Greek, he has the name Apollyon.
The Consuls tendered the oaths by which they bound themselves , and said that they would yield everything rather than take back Tarquinius.
If you instruct the brothers of these things, you will be a good servant of Christ Jesus, nourished in the words of the faith, and of the good doctrine which you have followed.
that you may walk properly toward those who are outside, and may have need of nothing.
Two men went up into the temple to pray; one was a Pharisee, and the other was a tax collector.
Why wasn't this ointment sold for three hundred denarii, and given to the poor?
The sheep are in the pen.
They began to be sorrowful, and to ask him one by one, Surely not I? And another said, Surely not I?
In the fourth watch of the night Jesus came to them, walking on the sea.
Peter, fastening his eyes on him, with John, said, Look at us.
I have now explained what regulations I think should be introduced into the state in order that every Athenian may receive sufficient maintenance at the public expense.
Then he released to them Barabbas, but Jesus he flogged and delivered to be crucified.
They therefore departed from the presence of the council, rejoicing that they were counted worthy to suffer dishonor for Jesus' name.
We toil, working with our own hands. Being reviled, we bless. Being persecuted, we endure.
Epilepsy in young persons is most frequently removed by changes of air, of country, and of modes of life.
Meanwhile the Lacedaemonians with the Arcadian allies that had joined them, entered the territory of Mantinea, and encamping near the temple of Heracles began to plunder the country.
Yet, to remain in the flesh is more needful for your sake.
Of the suitors for his daughter’s hand he esteemed the man of promise higher than the man of wealth, saying that he was looking for a man that was in need of money rather than for money that was in need of a man.
Jesus said to him, Assuredly I tell you, today you will be with me in Paradise.
They departed quickly from the tomb with fear and great joy, and ran to bring his disciples word.
You, being in past times alienated and enemies in your mind in your evil works,
and sent out his servants to call those who were invited to the marriage feast, but they would not come.
We're in danger.
because the mind of the flesh is hostile towards God; for it is not subject to God's law, neither indeed can it be.
He went into their synagogues throughout all Galilee, preaching and casting out demons.
He will say, 'I tell you, I don't know where you come from. Depart from me, all you workers of iniquity. '
But he answered her not a word. His disciples came and begged him, saying, Send her away; for she cries after us.
Part 6 Diseases about the kidneys and bladder are cured with difficulty in old men.
After great exertions and numerous wounds on both sides they separated, the Lacedaemonians saving their empty ships, except those first taken;
Again, I will put my trust in him. Again, Behold, here am I and the children whom God has given me.
Even if there be no need, there is no harm in the state being furnished with horses and arms and all other insignia of war;
As to the war and the resources of either party, a detailed comparison will not show you the inferiority of Athens.
The merchants of the earth weep and mourn over her, for no one buys their merchandise any more;
For this is he, of whom it is written, 'Behold, I send my messenger before your face, who will prepare your way before you. '
The Spartans now therefore gladly sent seven hundred as heavy infantry with Brasidas, who recruited the rest of his force by means of money in Peloponnese.
Let them go.
PHOCION
But he spoke of the temple of his body.
He stretched out his hand towards his disciples, and said, Behold, my mother and my brothers!
When they drew near to Jerusalem, and came to Bethsphage, to the Mount of Olives, then Jesus sent two disciples,
The priestess gave him this answer: “For the lifetimes of four Battuses and four Arcesilauses, eight generations of men, Loxias grants to your house the kingship of Cyrene; more than this he advises you not even to try.
Being asked this same question by another man, he said, My father bequeathed to me his kingdom, but not his luck.
The thirty ships of the Athenians, arriving before the Thracian places, found Potidaea and the rest in revolt.
My Father, who has given them to me, is greater than all. No one is able to snatch them out of my Father's hand.
She is strong.
not forsaking our own assembling together, as the custom of some is, but exhorting one another; and so much the more, as you see the Day approaching.
And they put in at Tauromenium in Sicily, whither they had been earnestly invited some time ago, and where they were now kindly received by Andromachus, the master and ruler of the city.
Being urged to hear a man who gave an imitation of the nightingale’s voice, he said, I hae heard the bird itsel’ mony a time.
When Jesus therefore saw her weeping, and the Jews weeping who came with her, he groaned in the spirit, and was troubled,
Festus therefore, having come into the province, after three days went up to Jerusalem from Caesarea.
DAMATRIA
and killed the Prince of life, whom God raised from the dead, whereof we are witnesses.
Jesus stretched out his hand, and touched him, saying, I want to. Be made clean. Immediately his leprosy was cleansed.
And through your knowledge, he who is weak perishes, the brother for whose sake Christ died.
When he saw the missile shot by a catapult, which had been brought then for the first time from Sicily, he exclaimed, Great Heavens! man’s valour is no more!
Then they will begin to tell the mountains, 'Fall on us!' and to the hills, 'Cover us. '
But I call God for a witness to my soul, that I didn't come to Corinth to spare you.
This is again the second sign that Jesus did, having come out of Judea into Galilee.
This, the war on which you are now debating, would be one of the greatest magnitude, on a sober consideration of the matter.
Looking up to heaven, he sighed, and said to him, Ephphatha! that is, Be opened!
Therefore those who were scattered abroad went around preaching the word.
of whom you also must beware; for he greatly opposed our words.
Therefore we ought to pay greater attention to the things that were heard, lest perhaps we drift away.
In answer to the man who inquired why he and the rest wore their hair long, he said that of all ornaments this was the least expensive.
Then they all shouted again, saying, Not this man, but Barabbas! Now Barabbas was a robber.
Hecuba Oh, you, who before made the Achaeans grieve, eldest of the sons I bore to Priam, take me to your rest in Hades’ halls!
“Demeter, father Zeus, whose wisdom is everlasting, calls you to come join the tribes of the eternal gods: come therefore, and let not the message I bring from Zeus pass unobeyed. ”
Let him who is in the field not return back to take his cloak.
John's Second Letter
This will we do, if God permits.
The Corinthians thus stood aloof from their allies, and again turned their thoughts towards Lacedaemon.
COMPARSION OF SOLON AND PUBLICOLA
one who was thrown into prison for a certain revolt in the city, and for murder.
'Tis fortune gives success to art, not art to fortune.
They did this in silence for fear that their enemies hear, making their preparations at night without sleep.
and from there to Philippi, which is a city of Macedonia, the first of the district, a Roman colony. We were staying some days in this city.
It is for discipline that you endure. God deals with you as with sons, for what son is there whom his father doesn't discipline?
The first man is of the earth, made of dust. The second man is the Lord from heaven.
When one of those who sat at the table with him heard these things, he said to him, Blessed is he who will feast in the Kingdom of God!
So you haven't seen her yesterday by chance?
Yet, looking to the promise of God, he didn't waver through unbelief, but grew strong through faith, giving glory to God,
They listened to him, because for a long time he had amazed them with his sorceries.
TIBERIUS GRACCHUS
After this, Jesus, seeing that all things were now finished, that the Scripture might be fulfilled, said, I am thirsty.
LEONIDAS, SON OF ANAXANDRIDAS
But if our unrighteousness commends the righteousness of God, what will we say? Is God unrighteous who inflicts wrath? I speak like men do.
Herein I also practice always having a conscience void of offense toward God and men.
Chapter 5. CLEANTHES (331-232 b. c. )
Jesus cried again with a loud voice, and yielded up his spirit.
The market is large.
but they shouted, saying, Crucify! Crucify him!
In short, which were most impious the Boeotians who wished to barter dead bodies for holy places, or the Athenians who refused to give up holy places to obtain what was theirs by right?
But all this has happened, that the Scriptures of the prophets might be fulfilled. Then all the disciples left him, and fled.
When they heard that he spoke to them in the Hebrew language, they were even more quiet. He said,
It is no time for sleeping or for being careless of ourselves.
I am sending him back. Therefore receive him, that is, my own heart,
When they had gone through the region of Phrygia and Galatia, they were forbidden by the Holy Spirit to speak the word in Asia.
They ate, they drank, they married, they were given in marriage, until the day that Noah entered into the ark, and the flood came, and destroyed them all.
Tom is strong.
For perhaps he was therefore separated from you for a while, that you would have him forever,
For this cause, I bow my knees to the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ,
Let all that you do be done in love.
Then he said to his servants, 'The wedding is ready, but those who were invited weren't worthy.
if indeed you heard him, and were taught in him, even as truth is in Jesus:
knowing this first, that no prophecy of Scripture is of private interpretation.
Jesus said to them, Have you understood all these things? They answered him, Yes, Lord.
He who swears by heaven, swears by the throne of God, and by him who sits on it.
Therefore his parents said, He is of age. Ask him.
Aemilius, then, after executing a commission so contrary to his mild and generous nature, went down to Oricus.
for then there will be great oppression, such as has not been from the beginning of the world until now, no, nor ever will be.
and might reconcile them both in one body to God through the cross, having killed the hostility thereby.
The soldiers follow the leader.
Part 17 When more food than is proper has been taken, it occasions disease; this is shown by the treatment.
All things were made through him. Without him was not anything made that has been made.
Part 19 When a bone, cartilage, nerve, the slender part of the jaw, or prepuce, are cut out, the part is neither restored, nor does it unite.
As they were eating, he said, Most assuredly I tell you that one of you will betray me.
Lament, mourn, and weep. Let your laughter be turned to mourning, and your joy to gloom.
yet you were compelled to remain upon the Thracian coast, for over against you lay triremes that prevented your crossing to Asia; and remaining there, you were of necessity in a hostile country, where there were many horsemen opposed to you and many peltasts;
For if a woman is not covered, let her also be shorn. But if it is shameful for a woman to be shorn or shaved, let her be covered.
We heard him say, 'I will destroy this temple that is made with hands, and in three days I will build another made without hands. '
When Jesus had crossed back over in the boat to the other side, a great multitude was gathered to him; and he was by the sea.
They also honored us with many honors, and when we sailed, they put on board the things that we needed.
for you were bought with a price. Therefore glorify God in your body and in your spirit, which are God's.
The general, learning this fact from one of his personal friends, communicated it to Hostilius.
He opened his mouth and taught them, saying,
There is no creature that is hidden from his sight, but all things are naked and laid open before the eyes of him with whom we have to do.
unless it is for this one thing that I cried standing among them, 'Concerning the resurrection of the dead I am being judged before you today!'
This commandment we have from him, that he who loves God should also love his brother.
Soldiers also asked him, saying, What about us? What must we do? He said to them, Extort from no one by violence, neither accuse anyone wrongfully. Be content with your wages.
TIMOTHEUS
And in fact Dion did send for assistance to the Corinthians, hoping the more easily to establish the civil polity which he had in mind if they were at his side.
Why don't you stay here?
We know that God has spoken to Moses. But as for this man, we don't know where he comes from.
At the command of Tatius they threw pieces of gold at the girl until she succumbed to her wounds and was buried under the heap.
Chorus Fearful I am too that as bands of women cry aloud woe, the Cissian stronghold will raise a resounding shout responsiveto the beating of breasts, and that there will be a tearingof fine linen robes.
He lodges with one Simon, a tanner, whose house is by the seaside.
He asked them, How many loaves do you have? They said, Seven.
The nations will walk in its light. The kings of the earth bring the glory and honor of the nations into it.
The soldiers also mocked him, coming to him and offering him vinegar,
while the Syracusans proceeded to man a fleet and to exercise, meaning to try their fortune in this way also, and generally became exceedingly confident.
For if Abraham was justified by works, he has something to boast about, but not toward God.
For where your treasure is, there will your heart be also.
He was withdrawn from them about a stone's throw, and he knelt down and prayed,
They will be blessed if he comes in the second or third watch, and finds them so.
As he spoke these things, many believed in him.
A young person is unexperienced in the affairs of life.
but given to hospitality, as a lover of good, sober-minded, fair, holy, self-controlled;
Verily, he who neither praises the conduct of Philistus, nor gloats insultingly over his misfortunes, takes the fittest course.
Life is short, and Art long; the crisis fleeting; experience perilous, and decision difficult.
Part 13 Sneezing coming on, in the case of a person afflicted with hiccup, removes the hiccup.
holding the mystery of the faith in a pure conscience.
I strongly urge you to do this, that I may be restored to you sooner.
Now about the things which I write to you, behold, before God, I'm not lying.
When he had gone through those parts, and had encouraged them with many words, he came into Greece.
Now he spoke of Judas, the son of Simon Iscariot, for it was he who would betray him, being one of the twelve.
yet because this widow bothers me, I will defend her, or else she will wear me out by her continual coming. '
The Pharisees, who were lovers of money, also heard all these things, and they scoffed at him.
You don't have his word living in you; because you don't believe him whom he sent.
For if you love those who love you, what reward do you have? Don't even the tax collectors do the same?
and called and asked whether Simon, who was surnamed Peter, was lodging there.
When Histiaeus explained this, all of them at once inclined to his view, although they had first sided with Miltiades.
But Cassius, a man of violent temper, and rather a hater of Caesar on his own private account than a hater of tyranny on public grounds, fired him up and urged him on.
I have never seen Socrates ever do wrong.
how that by revelation the mystery was made known to me, as I wrote before in few words,
He said, Lord, I believe! and he worshiped him.
Now a mediator is not between one, but God is one.
He stretched out his hand, and touched him, saying, I want to. Be made clean. Immediately the leprosy left him.
However, Apollo sent them a sign; for two serpents swam through the sea from the neighboring islands and devoured the sons of Laocoon.
Part 6 Such persons as are seized with tetanus die within four days, or if they pass these they recover.
But he said, On the contrary, blessed are those who hear the word of God, and keep it.
I will also remind you of the dangers of your forefathers.
He left everything, and rose up and followed him.
Then the disciples understood that he spoke to them of John the Baptizer.
Woe to you! For you build the tombs of the prophets, and your fathers killed them.
Now concerning the things about which you wrote to me: it is good for a man not to touch a woman.
that the word of Isaiah the prophet might be fulfilled, which he spoke, Lord, who has believed our report? To whom has the arm of the Lord been revealed?
Part 12 Phthisical persons, the hairs of whose head fall off, die if diarrhoea set in.
Yes, and all who desire to live godly in Christ Jesus will suffer persecution.
Where is the wise? Where is the scribe? Where is the lawyer of this world? Hasn't God made foolish the wisdom of this world?
Chorus Beloved indeed was the hero, beloved is his burial mound; beloved are the qualities that lie buried there. O Aidoneus, Aidoneus, who convey shades to the upper air, permit our divine lord Darius to come forth!
When I came to you, brothers, I didn't come with excellence of speech or of wisdom, proclaiming to you the testimony of God.
If anyone has an ear, let him hear.
One who says, I know him, and doesn't keep his commandments, is a liar, and the truth isn't in him.
I see the dog.
We have sent together with him the brother whose praise in the gospel is known through all the assemblies.
Are not you the cause of this for me?
You made him a little lower than the angels; You crowned him with glory and honor.
He said to him, Lord, I am ready to go with you both to prison and to death!
He said, What is the Kingdom of God like? To what shall I compare it?
Therefore we have been comforted. In our comfort we rejoiced the more exceedingly for the joy of Titus, because his spirit has been refreshed by you all.
said with a loud voice, Stand upright on your feet! He leaped up and walked.
But all things, when they are reproved, are revealed by the light, for everything that is revealed is light.
For my flesh is food indeed, and my blood is drink indeed.
Part 2 Spasm supervening on a wound is fatal.
It happened on the eighth day, that they came to circumcise the child; and they would have called him Zacharias, after the name of the father.
Even so you also, when you see all these things, know that it is near, even at the doors.
for as the lightning, when it flashes out of the one part under the sky, shines to the other part under the sky; so will the Son of Man be in his day.
Chapter 5. ZENO OF ELEA
in hope of eternal life, which God, who can't lie, promised before eternal times;
Someone, seeing men seated on stoolsin a privy, said, God forbid that I should ever sit where it is not possible to rise and yield my place to an older man.
It was not allowed them to go abroad, so that they should have nothing to do with foreign ways and undisciplined modes of living.
Part 23 Dysentery upon unmixed alvine discharges is bad.
As he passed by, he saw a man blind from birth.
These things were done in Bethany beyond the Jordan, where John was baptizing.
Chorus Let us go, Adrastus, and take the oath to this monarch and his state; for the service they have already done us claims our warm regard.
Put to death therefore your members which are on the earth: sexual immorality, uncleanness, depraved passion, evil desire, and covetousness, which is idolatry;
However one of the soldiers pierced his side with a spear, and immediately blood and water came out.
When she had said this, she turned around and saw Jesus standing, and didn't know that it was Jesus.
AGIS, SON OF ARCHIDAMUS
So also is the resurrection of the dead. It is sown in corruption; it is raised in incorruption.
An official or a judge, he said, ought neither to require importuning to grant what is right nor to yield to importuning to grant what is wrong.
God, having in the past spoken to the fathers through the prophets at many times and in various ways,
For if you believed Moses, you would believe me; for he wrote about me.
Part 4 A chill supervening on a sweat is not good.
Next to these came a third division, picked men, the flower of the Macedonians themselves for youthful strength and valour, gleaming with gilded armour and fresh scarlet coats.
If he sins against you seven times in the day, and seven times turns again, saying, 'I repent, ' you shall forgive him.
Brutus at once led out his horsemen magnificently equipped, and with no less promptness put his infantry also in array.
that he was buried, that he was raised on the third day according to the Scriptures,
Don't love the world, neither the things that are in the world. If anyone loves the world, the Father's love isn't in him.
When he had said this, he breathed on them, and said to them, Receive the Holy Spirit!
If this comes to the governor's ears, we will persuade him and make you free of worry.
seeing your pure behavior in fear.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, who has blessed us with every spiritual blessing in the heavenly places in Christ;
having the glory of God. Her light was like a most precious stone, as if it was a jasper stone, clear as crystal;
Chorus Old friend
As he was going out into the way, one ran to him, knelt before him, and asked him, Good Teacher, what shall I do that I may inherit eternal life?
Many of the multitude therefore, when they heard these words, said, This is truly the prophet.
Then one possessed by a demon, blind and mute, was brought to himand he healed him, so that the blind and mute man both spoke and saw.
These are they who cause divisions, and are sensual, not having the Spirit.
That is how they prepare the dead in the most costly way; those who want the middle way and shun the costly, they prepare as follows.
I rejoice greatly that I have found some of your children walking in truth, even as we have been commanded by the Father.
who is at the right hand of God, having gone into heaven, angels and authorities and powers being made subject to him.
Simon Peter, a servant and apostle of Jesus Christ, to those who have obtained a like precious faith with us in the righteousness of our God and Savior, Jesus Christ:
Foolish Galatians, who has bewitched you not to obey the truth, before whose eyes Jesus Christ was openly set forth among you as crucified?
by which, when you read, you can perceive my understanding in the mystery of Christ;
So when he had washed their feet, put his outer garment back on, and sat down again, he said to them, Do you know what I have done to you?
Jesus said to his disciples, Most assuredly I say to you, a rich man will enter into the Kingdom of Heaven with difficulty.
He left the province in peace and bound by pledges of fidelity, and came back to Rome, nor was he richer by a single drachma from his expedition.
7. Further, that satisfaction shall be given by you to us and by us to you according to the public law of our several countries,
Being held deserving of many gifts, and speedily becoming rich, he said to his sons, Boys, we should be ruined now if we had not been ruined before!
To the Dioscuri
Where is the book?
But who is there among you, having a servant plowing or keeping sheep, that will say, when he comes in from the field, 'Come immediately and sit down at the table, '
Amphitryon Softly, softly! you aged sons of Thebes, let him sleep on and forget his sorrows.
Since many have undertaken to set in order a narrative concerning those matters which have been fulfilled among us,
There are, it may be, so many kinds of sounds in the world, and none of them is without meaning.
Pharnabazus inviting them and being prepared to furnish pay, and Byzantium besides sending offers to revolt to them.
When the disciples heard it, they were exceedingly astonished, saying, Who then can be saved?
so that you may approve the things that are excellent; that you may be sincere and without offense to the day of Christ;
Encouraged by this information from Speusippus, Dion collected mercenaries secretly and by the agency of others, concealing his purpose.
For intelligence and truth and the soul you take no care or thought.
Therefore he is also able to save to the uttermost those who draw near to God through him, seeing he ever lives to make intercession for them.
But when the multitudes saw it, they marveled and glorified God, who had given such authority to men.
And if you wish to learn what the doctrines of Christianity are, appoint me a day, and thou shalt hear them.
But Caesar, after hearing the claims of each, said, in council with his friends: Cassius makes the juster plea, but Brutus must have the first praetorship.
How beautiful it is!
For sin will not have dominion over you. For you are not under law, but under grace.
When the demon was cast out, the mute man spoke. The multitudes marveled, saying, Nothing like this has ever been seen in Israel!
They were greatly afraid, and said to one another, Who then is this, that even the wind and the sea obey him?
Where are you two going?
Part 19 All diseases occur at all seasons of the year, but certain of them are more apt to occur and be exacerbated at certain seasons.
It happened as they went on their way, he entered into a certain village, and a certain woman named Martha received him into her house.
but he left the linen cloth, and fled from them naked.
whom Jason has received. These all act contrary to the decrees of Caesar, saying that there is another king, Jesus!
He used to say, too, that he was on his guard against his friends who were men of sense, because he knew that they would rather be tyrants than subjects of a tyrant.
Father, glorify your name!Then there came a voice out of the sky, saying, I have both glorified it, and will glorify it again.
The spirits of the prophets are subject to the prophets,
David says, Let their table be made a snare, and a trap, A stumbling block, and a retribution to them.
Or did I commit a sin in humbling myself that you might be exalted, because I preached to you God's gospel free of charge?
But bring those enemies of mine who didn't want me to reign over them here, and kill them before me. '
when this was done, others were brought into the walled space, until in this way all were numbered. When they had been numbered, they were marshalled by nations.
Their throat is an open tomb. With their tongues they have used deceit. The poison of vipers is under their lips;
Now when he had risen early on the first day of the week, he appeared first to Mary Magdalene, from whom he had cast out seven demons.
And he does not merely write this and then not carry it out in deeds.
Going on a little further from there, he saw James the son of Zebedee, and John, his brother, who were also in the boat mending the nets.
Therefore Martha said to Jesus, Lord, if you would have been here, my brother wouldn't have died.
The number of the armies of the horsemen was ten thousands of ten thousands. I heard the number of them.
and brought the donkey and the colt, and laid their clothes on them; and he sat on them.
After a time the Ambraciots expelled the Argives and held the city themselves.
being justified freely by his grace through the redemption that is in Christ Jesus;
Then Pilate went out again, and said to them, Behold, I bring him out to you, that you may know that I find no basis for a charge against him.
For he was amazed, and all who were with him, at the catch of fish which they had caught;
Then he said to them, Nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom.
Let us fear therefore, lest perhaps a promise being left of entering into his rest, anyone of you should seem to have come short of it.
I wish that you would bear with me in a little foolishness, but indeed you do bear with me.
Don't trust strangers.
Upon being asked whether there was any point on it which was difficult to pass, he replied that there was a height which they could not possibly pass unless they should seize it beforehand.
We don't trust her.
Then he appeared to James, then to all the apostles,
Why? Because they didn't seek it by faith, but as it were by works of the law. They stumbled over the stumbling stone;
I fast twice a week. I give tithes of all that I get. '
What do you want me to do? He said, Lord, that I may see again.
THE ELDER SCIPIO
THEOPHRASTUS
I don't make void the grace of God. For if righteousness is through the law, then Christ died for nothing!
However, with a desire to make head against the bad repute which he had also won among the philosophers on Plato’s account, he assembled at his court many men with a reputation for learning.
He kept finding many pretexts.
Parthians, Medes, Elamites, and people from Mesopotamia, Judea, Cappadocia, Pontus, Asia,
Jesus answered them, Do you now believe?
Amphitryon I would I could obey! Theseus What dreadful words!
Neither be called masters, for one is your master, the Christ.
At the moment, however, he saw that they were dispirited by the sight before them, and wishing to refresh their confidence, called them together and spoke as follows:
Then I said, 'Behold, I have come (In the scroll of the book it is written of me) To do your will, God. '
and by him everyone who believes is justified from all things, from which you could not be justified by the law of Moses.
Ah, Cyrus, Panthea answered, do not fear; I shall never hide from you who it is to whom I wish to go.
John was clothed with camel's hair and a leather belt around his loins. He ate locusts and wild honey.
For I tell you that none of those men who were invited will taste of my supper. '
Jacob's well was there. Jesus therefore, being tired from his journey, sat down by the well. It was about the sixth hour.
When he comes home, he calls together his friends and his neighbors, saying to them, 'Rejoice with me, for I have found my sheep which was lost!'
She came in immediately with haste to the king, and asked, I want you to give me right now the head of John the Baptizer on a platter.
Simon Peter answered him, Lord, to whom would we go? You have the words of eternal life.
Doesn't even nature itself teach you that if a man has long hair, it is a dishonor to him?
of the teaching of baptisms, of laying on of hands, of resurrection of the dead, and of eternal judgment.
XXXIX. After he had performed most of the more important duties of this office, he fell sick of a disease which at first was dangerous, but in time became less threatening, though it was troublesome and hard to get rid of.
I saw an angel coming down out of heaven, having the key of the abyss and a great chain in his hand.
He said, I tell you, Peter, the rooster will by no means crow today until you deny that you know me three times.
and how the chief priests and our rulers delivered him up to be condemned to death, and crucified him.
Chorus Singing. unspeakable child of a cow amazed prey speaking voice to make such sounds from a dead animal.
Two of the seven flung into the room with him, Darius and Gobryas; as Gobryas and the Magus wrestled together, Darius stood helpless in the darkness, afraid of stabbing Gobryas.
AGIS THE YOUNGER
for he who welcomes him participates in his evil works.
I wrote to the assembly, but Diotrephes, who loves to be first among them, doesn't accept what we say.
If you lend to those from whom you hope to receive, what credit is that to you? Even sinners lend to sinners, to receive back as much.
Then if anyone tells you, 'Look, here is the Christ!' or, 'Look, there!' don't believe it.
But I say that so long as the heir is a child, he is no different from a bondservant, though he is lord of all;
Xenophon replied: Well, for my part I am content to get something at a later time; give rather to these generals and captains who have followed with me.
My love to all of you in Christ Jesus. Amen.
Let our people also learn to maintain good works for necessary uses, that they may not be unfruitful.
Nicander, when someone said that the Argives were speaking ill of him, said, Well then, they are paying the penalty for speaking ill of the good!
But when we are judged, we are punished by the Lord, that we may not be condemned with the world.
I myself most assuredly thought that I ought to do many things contrary to the name of Jesus of Nazareth.
And now Xenophon sent for Cleander and urged him to make arrangements so that he could enter within the wall and thus sail homeward from Byzantium.
that is, that I with you may be encouraged in you, each of us by the other's faith, both yours and mine.
Jesus rebuked him, saying, Be quiet, and come out of him!
Now the feast of the Jews, the Feast of Booths, was at hand.
I exhort the elders among you, as a fellow elder, and a witness of the sufferings of Christ, and who will also share in the glory that will be revealed.
He had been made an enemy by the Athenians entering into alliance with his brother Philip and Derdas, who were in league against him.
Until now, you have asked nothing in my name. Ask, and you will receive, that your joy may be made full.
The Pharisees therefore said to him, You testify about yourself. Your testimony is not valid.
Now to him who is able to keep them from stumbling, and to present you faultless before the presence of his glory in great joy,
When I was a child, I spoke as a child, I felt as a child, I thought as a child. Now that I have become a man, I have put away childish things.
Greater love has no one than this, that someone lay down his life for his friends.
Then Peter came and said to him, Lord, how often shall my brother sin against me, and I forgive him? Until seven times?
PART 55LV. Moisture the vehicle of nutriment.
Do you think that I have come to give peace in the earth? I tell you, no, but rather division.
and the two will become one flesh, ' so that they are no longer two, but one flesh.
‘I see, my men, that you are frightened by the number of the enemy, and I have accordingly called you together, not liking you to be afraid of what is not really terrible.
Jacob became the father of Joseph, the husband of Mary, from whom was born Jesus, who is called Christ.
and he sent and beheaded John in the prison.
They asked him, saying, Why do the scribes say that Elijah must come first?
Epinicians
but in his own time revealed his word in the message with which I was entrusted according to the commandment of God our Savior;
For he was numbered with us, and received his portion in this ministry.
As it happened in the days of Noah, even so will it be also in the days of the Son of Man.
He answered, Haven't you read that he who made them from the beginning made them male and female,
CAIUS GRACCHUS
The doctor said he can't help Tom.
You will say then to me, Why does he still find fault? For who withstands his will?
For most assuredly in this we groan, longing to be clothed with our habitation which is from heaven;
Oh the depth of the riches both of the wisdom and the knowledge of God! How unsearchable are his judgments, and his ways past tracing out!
But after I am raised up, I will go before you into Galilee.
If you died with Christ from the elements of the world, why, as though living in the world, do you subject yourselves to ordinances,
By this we know love, because he laid down his life for us. And we ought to lay down our lives for the brothers.
Jesus asked him, What is your name? He said, Legion, for many demons had entered into him.
To Selene
I was in the Spirit on the Lord's day, and I heard behind me a loud voice, as of a trumpet
so that the multitude wondered when they saw the mute speaking, injured whole, lame walking, and blind seeing and they glorified the God of Israel.
Magnes married a Naiad nymph, and sons were born to him, Polydectes and Dictys; these colonized Seriphus.
Even so you also outwardly appear righteous to men, but inwardly you are full of hypocrisy and iniquity.
Where are you going, Tom?
There is neither Jew nor Greek, there is neither slave nor free man, there is neither male nor female; for you are all one in Christ Jesus.
I have not come to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.
For as the sufferings of Christ abound to us, even so our comfort also abounds through Christ.
Five of them were foolish, and five were wise.
The disciples went, and did just as Jesus commanded them,
What human trespass would constrain thy power, O Zeus?
Because of this, God sends them a working of error, that they should believe a lie;
ORONTES
Jesus asked him, What do you want me to do for you? The blind man said to him, Rhabboni, that I may see again.
He said, Into what then were you baptized? They said, Into John's baptism.
At first, then, there were cries of terror, and the tumult was increased by wild hurryings to and fro which succeeded the disaster;
I was still unknown by face to the assemblies of Judea which were in Christ,
I say nothing of forged letters and the arrest of spies, and torture applied on groundless charges, on your assertion that I with certain persons was seeking a revolution.
Thus by precept and by example alike he strove to increase in his companions Piety and Prudence.
As for these things which you see, the days will come, in which there will not be left here one stone on another that will not be thrown down.
Now over against this read the resolution which Ctesiphon has proposed for Demosthenes, the man who is responsible for our greatest disasters. Resolution
Jesus said these things, and lifting up his eyes to heaven, he said, Father, the time has come. Glorify your Son, that your Son may also glorify you;
Do you say of him whom the Father sanctified and sent into the world, 'You blaspheme, ' because I said, 'I am the Son of God? '
Jesus answering, said to him, It has been said, 'You shall not tempt the Lord your God. '
But the unclean spirit, when he is gone out of the man, passes through waterless places, seeking rest, and doesn't find it.
Be of the same mind one toward another. Don't set your mind on high things, but associate with the humble. Don't be wise in your own conceits.
The Athenians, seeing them closing up the harbor and informed of their further designs, called a council of war.
But the centurion gave more heed to the master and to the owner of the ship than to those things which were spoken by Paul.
Part 7 A rigor and delirium from excessive drinking are bad.
All things are lawful for me, but not all things are expedient. All things are lawful for me, but I will not be brought under the power of anything.
and they will make it hard for my readers to decide whether the greatest of their successful achievements were due to their good fortune or their wisdom.
Chapter 3. CHILON (c. 560B. C. )
Most assuredly, I tell you, whoever doesn't receive the Kingdom of God like a little child, he will in no way enter into it.
For who has known the mind of the Lord, that he should instruct him? But we have Christ's mind.
Chorus The dance begins without the cymbals’ crash, with no glad waving of the wine-god’s staff
8. This treaty shall be shown to the allies, and shall be concluded, if they approve: if the allies think fit, they may send the treaty to be considered at home.
That the Aemilii were one of the ancient and patrician houses at Rome, most writers agree.
to an incorruptible and undefiled inheritance that doesn't fade away, reserved in heaven for you,
saying, Go your way into the village on the other side, in which, as you enter, you will find a colt tied, whereon no man ever yet sat. Untie it, and bring it.
that, being justified by his grace, we might be made heirs according to the hope of eternal life.
When another man inquired about the numberof the Spartans, he said, Enough to keep away all bad men.
That good thing which was committed to you, guard through the Holy Spirit who dwells in us.
to the general assembly and assembly of the firstborn who are enrolled in heaven, to God the Judge of all, to the spirits of just men made perfect,
Question XI. THAT WE CONTINUE NOT ALWAYS ONE AND THE SAME, IN REGARD OF THE DAILY DEFLUX OF OUR SUBSTANCE.
Being asked how one could be a free man all his life, he said, By feeling contempt for death.
Pilate answered them, saying, Do you you want me to release to you the King of the Jews?
For I testify about them that they have a zeal for God, but not according to knowledge.
For you the command of Zeus hath consummation.
I pray not that you would take them from the world, but that you would keep them from the evil one.
You hypocrites! You know how to interpret the appearance of the earth and the sky, but how is it that you don't interpret this time?
I heard the altar saying, Yes, Lord God, the Almighty, true and righteous are your judgments.
Part 83 When much urine is passed during the night, it indicates that the alvine evacuations are scanty.
Part 32 Haemoptysis in a woman is removed by an eruption of the menses.
He said to them, Take heed what you hear. With whatever measure you measure, it will be measured to you, and more will be given to you who hear.
Many more believed because of his word.
and, of course, if the men are allowed to be slack all the day long, the decrease in the work done may easily amount to one half of the whole.
For the Son of Man is Lord of the Sabbath.
but speaking truth in love, we may grow up in all things into him, who is the head, Christ;
You will be hated by all men for my name's sake, but he who endures to the end, the same will be saved.
Part 75 Blood or pus in the urine indicates ulceration either of the kidneys or of the bladder.
They threw him out of the city, and stoned him. The witnesses placed their garments at the feet of a young man named Saul.
first sailed up to Methymna and caused it to revolt, and, leaving four ships there, with the rest procured the revolt of Mitylene.
making void the word of God by your tradition, which you have handed down. You do many things like this.
and turning the cities of Sodom and Gomorrah into ashes, condemned them to destruction, having made them an example to those who would live ungodly;
I now rejoice, not that you were made sorry, but that you were made sorry to repentance. For you were made sorry in a godly way, that you might suffer loss by us in nothing.
For the wrath of God is revealed from heaven against all ungodliness and unrighteousness of men, who suppress the truth in unrighteousness,
Unless the Lord had shortened the days, no flesh would have been saved; but for the elect's sake, whom he chose, he shortened the days.
For as the lightning comes forth from the east, and is seen even to the west, so will be the coming of the Son of Man.
but that we write to them that they abstain from the pollution of idols, from sexual immorality, from what is strangled, and from blood.
When the physician said to him, You have lived to be an old man, he said, That is because I never employed you as my physician.
The twelve summoned the multitude of the disciples and said, It is not appropriate for us to forsake the word of God and serve tables.
Again he departed from the borders of Tyre and Sidon, and came to the sea of Galilee, through the midst of the region of Decapolis.
neither as lording it over the charge allotted to you, but making yourselves examples to the flock.
who devour widows' houses, and for a pretense make long prayers: these will receive greater condemnation.
Philip ran to him, and heard him reading Isaiah the prophet, and said, Do you understand what you are reading?
Where are you going?
but for our sake also, to whom it will be accounted, who believe in him who raised Jesus, our Lord, from the dead,
If you know that he is righteous, you know that everyone who practices righteousness is born of him.
but exhort one another day by day, so long as it is called today; lest any one of you be hardened by the deceitfulness of sin.
For the creation waits with eager expectation for the sons of God to be revealed.
He asked for a writing tablet, and wrote, His name is John. They all marveled.
for the great day of his wrath has come; and who is able to stand?
When they didn't find him, they returned to Jerusalem, looking for him.
They sold their possessions and goods, and distributed them to all, according as anyone had need.
Cassius accepted the proposal, and asked that time and place be fixed for a conference between Surena and Crassus. The men said that this should be done, and rode away.
Great fear came on the whole assembly, and on all who heard these things.
But if it is of God, you will not be able to overthrow it, and you would be found even to be fighting against God!
Chorus For Delusion, with her fair appearance, lures men astray into her snares, from which it is not possible to escape without meeting with disaster.
When they had read it, they rejoiced for the consolation.
GNAEUS DOMITIUS
If I partake with thankfulness, why am I denounced for that for which I give thanks?
Chorus Greatly revered Victory, may you occupy my life and never cease to crown me!
The beginning of the gospel of Jesus Christ, the Son of God.
But Perseus was away in flight from Pydna to Pella, since practically all his horsemen came safely off from the battle.
Again, he sent other servants more than the first: and they treated them the same way.
Furthermore, when some of the Prytanes refused to put the question to the vote in violation of the law, Callixeinus again mounted the platform and urged the same charge against them; and the crowd cried out to summon to court those who refused.
But if a revelation is made to another sitting by, let the first keep silent.
The way in which Athens came to be placed in the circumstances under which her power grew was this.
Indeed, we put bits into the horses' mouths so that they may obey us, and we guide their whole body.
But Cassius conjectured that they were enemies, and in pursuit of him. Nevertheless, he sent out one of those who were with him, Titinius, to reconnoitre.
To them he said, 'You also go into the vineyard, and whatever is right I will give you. ' So they went their way.
It is a good thing in ophthalmy for the patient to be seized with diarrhoea.
So prosperous was the course of his enterprises, and such was the speed with which Fortune crowned the beauty of his achievements.
In the resurrection therefore, whose wife will she be of the seven? For they all had her.
You didn't anoint my head with oil, but she has anointed my feet with ointment.
And with such boldness and swiftness did they advance that the first to be slain fell only two furlongs from the Roman camp.
May it never be! For then how will God judge the world?
Chapter 3. ANAXAGORAS (500-428 B. C. )
PART 15XV. Nature is sufficient in all for all.
For if I do this of my own will, I have a reward. But if not of my own will, I have a stewardship entrusted to me.
They were all filled with the Holy Spirit, and began to speak with other languages, as the Spirit gave them the ability to speak.
Even so the Lord ordained that those who proclaim the gospel should live from the gospel.
Part 24 Cold things, such as snow and ice, are inimical to the chest, being provocative of coughs, of discharges of blood, and of catarrhs.
Killed by his own hand he departed this life.
When Jesus saw him lying there, and knew that he had been sick for a long time, he asked him, Do you want to be made well?
Therefore we know no one after the flesh from now on. Even though we have known Christ after the flesh, yet now we know him so no more.
And by force you would never take him.
For you will be a witness for him to all men of what you have seen and heard.
knowing that the testing of your faith produces patience.
Cyrus he sends for.
A few days sufficing to accomplish this, he afterwards raised some works in the island also, and leaving a garrison there, departed with his forces.
so that you became an example to all who believe in Macedonia and in Achaia.
How can I desert the fleet?
Part 59 In a person affected with fever, when there is no swelling in the fauces, should suffocation suddenly come on, and the patient not be able to swallow, except with difficulty, it is a mortal symptom.
and this was the oracle: “Whoever goes to beloved Libya after The fields are divided, I say shall be sorry afterward. ”
In that day you will ask in my name; and I don't say to you, that I will pray to the Father for you,
The Pharisees therefore said among themselves, See how you accomplish nothing. Behold, the world has gone after him.
But someone will say, How are the dead raised? and, With what kind of body do they come?
After this, he left his mercenaries in the enemy’s territory plundering the dominion of the Carthaginians, and went himself to Syracuse;
In that case (Athens) would have got the blame of betraying all.
Assembling in Doberus, they prepared for descending from the heights upon Lower Macedonia, where the dominions of Perdiccas lay;
who, knowing the ordinance of God, that those who practice such things are worthy of death, not only do the same, but also approve of those who practice them.
are to deliver such a one to Satan for the destruction of the flesh, that the spirit may be saved in the day of the Lord Jesus.
Messenger O white-haired old men! Chorus Why this loudaddress to me? Messenger It is dreadful within!
But now in Christ Jesus you who once were far off are made near in the blood of Christ.
Truly I tell you, that he will set him over all that he has.
Gaius Fabricius, upon learning of the defeat ofthe Romans by Pyrrhus, said, Pyrrhus has defeated Laevinus, but the Epirotes have not defeated the Romans.
PERICLES
How can you believe, who receive glory from one another, and you don't seek the glory that comes from the only God?
I must work the works of him who sent me, while it is day. The night is coming, when no one can work.
So smitten, Chaereas could barely make his way home.
It will be the same way in the day that the Son of Man is revealed.
He is clothed in a garment sprinkled with blood. His name is called The Word of God.
Nicodemus answered him, How can these things be?
They talked with each other about all of these things which had happened.
For one will hardly die for a righteous man. Yet perhaps for a righteous person someone would even dare to die.
Jesus stood still, and said, Call him. They called the blind man, saying to him, Cheer up! Get up. He is calling you!
lying in wait for him, and seeking to catch him in something he might say, that they might accuse him.
In that he says, A new covenant, he has made the first old. But that which is becoming old and grows aged is near to vanishing away.
But they were silent. He took him, and healed him, and let him go.
To put it shortly, a commander is least likely to incur the contempt of his men if he shows himself more capable than they of doing whatever he requires of them.
Even as it is written, For your sake we are killed all day long. We were accounted as sheep for the slaughter.
The maid saw him, and began again to tell those who stood by, This is one of them.
Part 13 In persons who cough up frothy blood, the discharge of it comes from the lungs.
He said to them, Why were you looking for me? Didn't you know that I must be in my Father's house?
We give thanks to God the Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, praying always for you,
He begged him much that he would not send them away out of the country.
So then, brothers, stand firm, and hold the traditions which you were taught by us, whether by word, or by letter.
The woman said to him, Sir, give me this water, so that I don't get thirsty, neither come all the way here to draw.
Not only this, but we also rejoice in our sufferings, knowing that suffering works perseverance;
TITUS QUINTIUS
For the Father judges no one, but he has given all judgment to the Son,
because of the hope which is laid up for you in the heavens, whereof you heard before in the word of the truth of the gospel,
In chronic diseases of the hip-joint, if the bone protrude and return again into its socket, there is mucosity in the place.
But whomsoever the state appoints, him we should obey.
As many as walk by this rule, peace and mercy be on them, and on God's Israel.
What does it matter? Only that in every way, whether in pretense or in truth, Christ is proclaimed. I rejoice in this, yes, and will rejoice.
I will not leave you orphans. I will come to you.
Chorus For surely with a great leap from above I bring down the heavily falling force of my foot, my limbs that trip even swift runners unendurable ruin.
Is Tom telling the truth?
Chapter 5. SOCRATES (469-399 B. C. )
seeing that his divine power has granted to us all things that pertain to life and godliness, through the knowledge of him who called us by his own glory and virtue;
And at Olympia, as they say, he made that utterance which is now in every mouth, that Pheidias had moulded the Zeus of Homer.
and will cast them into the furnace of fire. There will be weeping and the gnashing of teeth.
Solomon became the father of Rehoboam. Rehoboam became the father of Abijah. Abijah became the father of Asa.
After these things, Jesus went away to the other side of the sea of Galilee, which is also called the Sea of Tiberias.
who delivered us out of so great a death, and does deliver; on whom we have set our hope that he will also still deliver us;
He took him aside from the multitude, privately, and put his fingers into his ears, and he spat, and touched his tongue.
I marvel that you are so quickly deserting him who called you in the grace of Christ to a different gospel;
Part 57 When the menses are excessive, diseases take place, and when the menses are stopped, diseases from the uterus take place.
After this disaster, Perseus hastily broke camp and retired; he had become exceedingly fearful, and his hopes were shattered.
They didn't prevail, neither was a place found for him any more in heaven.
Remember your leaders, men who spoke to you the word of God, and considering the results of their conduct, imitate their faith.
The elephant was alone and fainthearted.
Now I exhort you to cheer up, for there will be no loss of life among you, but only of the ship.
For the love of Christ constrains us; because we judge thus, that one died for all, therefore all died.
MARCELLUS
After this, Dion captured Epipolae and set free the citizens who were imprisoned there; then he walled off the acropolis.
When they heard that he was alive, and had been seen by her, they disbelieved.
But Peter said, Not so, Lord; for I have never eaten anything that is common or unclean.
More believers were added to the Lord, multitudes of both men and women.
You were made alive when you were dead in transgressions and sins,
Part 53 Delirium attended with laughter is less dangerous than delirium attended with a serious mood.
For even they who receive circumcision don't keep the law themselves, but they desire to have you circumcised, that they may boast in your flesh.
PART 31XXXI. Root of veins, liver ; root of arteries, heart. Out of these travel to all parts blood and breath, and heat passes through them.
The sisters therefore sent to him, saying, Lord, behold, he for whom you have great affection is sick.
As many as desire to look good in the flesh, they compel you to be circumcised; only that they may not be persecuted for the cross of Christ.
I see the girl.
What fruit then did you have at that time in the things of which you are now ashamed? For the end of those things is death.
for I feared you, because you are an exacting man. You take up that which you didn't lay down, and reap that which you didn't sow. '
to the end that you should walk worthily of God, who calls you into his own kingdom and glory.
Behold, two men were talking with him, who were Moses and Elijah,
Then sailing to Demetrias, whence great quantities of arms, which the elder Caesar had ordered to be made for his Parthian war, were being conducted to Antony, he took possession of them.
Jesus departed there, and came near to the sea of Galilee; and he went up into the mountain, and sat there.
It happened, while they talked and questioned together, that Jesus himself came near, and went with them.
Fear of war, like darkness, does not present the same aspect when it confronts us as when it has been averted.
How beautiful she is!
I don't trust them.
from whom every family in heaven and on earth is named,
When therefore the lord of the vineyard comes, what will he do to those farmers?
Part 72 When the urine is transparent and white, it is bad; it appears principally in cases of phrenitis.
Then the disciples came, and said to him, Do you know that the Pharisees were offended, when they heard this saying?
They came again to Jerusalem, and as he was walking in the temple, the chief priests, and the scribes, and the elders came to him,
Tell the daughter of Zion, Behold, your King comes to you, Humble, and riding on a donkey, On a colt, the foal of a donkey.
My sheep hear my voice, and I know them, and they follow me.
Chorus First he cleared the grove of Zeusof a lion, and put its skin upon his back, hiding his yellow auburn hair in its fearful gaping jaws.
So my heavenly Father will also do to you, if you don't each forgive your brother from your hearts for his misdeeds.
Accordingly, Cyrus called the prisoners together and spoke as follows:
For I, through the law, died to the law, that I might live to God.
This is the promise which he promised us, the eternal life.
When he saw them, he said to them, Go and show yourselves to the priests. It happened that as they went, they were cleansed.
Then the righteous will shine forth like the sun in the kingdom of their Father. He who has ears to hear, let him hear.
Part 26 The lightest water is that which is quickly heated and quickly cooled.
was responsible for actions which did credit to the city and to Greece. Therefore both here and everywhere else he was paid the highest honors rightly
His mother said to the servants, Whatever he says to you, do it.
Then he said to the disciple, Behold, your mother! From that hour, the disciple took her to his own home.
But you call upon the younger men, though you used to abuse and insult them with the name of wine-swillers.
The Letter from James
Carry no purse, nor wallet, nor sandals. Greet no one on the way.
But John would have hindered him, saying, I need to be baptized by you, and you come to me?
The soldiers twisted thorns into a crown, and put it on his head, and dressed him in a purple garment.
But at midnight there was a cry, 'Behold! The bridegroom is coming! Come out to meet him!'
I tell you, make for yourselves friends by means of unrighteous mammon, so that when you fail, they may receive you into the eternal tents.
I will no more speak much with you, for the prince of the world comes, and he has nothing in me.
Chapter 5. ALCMAEON
Beloved, you do a faithful work in whatever you accomplish for those who are brothers and strangers.
CICERO
but one thing is needed. Mary has chosen the good part, which will not be taken away from her.
The unclean spirits, whenever they saw him, fell down before him, and cried, You are the Son of God!
but if I wait long, that you may know how men ought to behave themselves in the house of God, which is the assembly of the living God, the pillar and ground of the truth.
ANDROCLEIDAS
and Marius Celsus, a man of worth, was sent off to secure the allegiance of the Illyrian legion encamped in what was called the Vipsanian portico.
Do I speak these things according to the ways of men? Or doesn't the law also say the same thing?
and being fully assured that what he had promised, he was able also to perform.
But he denied it before them all, saying, I don't know what you are talking about.
When the Spartans had taken by storm a certain city, the Ephors said,Gone is the wrestlingschool of our young men; they no longer will have competitors.
Therefore David himself calls him Lord, so how can he be his son? The common people heard him gladly.
He took them the same hour of the night, and washed their stripes, and was immediately baptized, he and all his household.
ARCHELAUS
Jesus asked him, Why do you call me good? No one is good, except one God.
I would not yield the chair.
When he had greeted them, he reported one by one the things which God had worked among the Gentiles through his ministry.
To The Children Of Jason
neither to pay attention to myths and endless genealogies, which cause disputes, rather than God's stewardship, which is in faith
It seemed to me best to try to attain safety in this way.
Another said, 'I have bought five yoke of oxen, and I must go try them out. Please have me excused. '
Not without sorrow shalt thou twice speak words so dire.
We shall try, however, to come to you just as soon as we have accomplished what we think it would be a common benefit to you and to us to have done. Farewell. Cyrus.
He writes badly.
There he remained.
And if we know that he listens to us, whatever we ask, we know that we have the petitions which we have asked of him	.
These measurements have been made in this way: a ship will generally accomplish seventy thousand orguiaein a long day's voyage, and sixty thousand by night.
He sent two of his disciples, and said to them, Go into the city, and there you will meet a man carrying a pitcher of water. Follow him,
Medea (within). Ah, me! the agony I have suffered, deep enough to call for these laments! Curse you and your father too, ye children damned, sons of a doomed mother! Ruin seize the whole family!
It happened on the next day, when they had come down from the mountain, that a great multitude met him.
And the God of peace will quickly crush Satan under your feet. The grace of our Lord Jesus Christ be with you.
For we have become partakers of Christ, if we hold fast the beginning of our confidence firm to the end:
Accounts differ, and it is not easy to ascertain with what intention he went to Aspendus, and did not bring the fleet after all.
But each one is tempted, when he is drawn away by his own lust, and enticed.
When one of the Athenians read a memorial oration in praise of those who fell at the hands of the Spartans, he said, What kind of men, then, do you think ours must be who vanquished these?
On point Leukimme they posted their land forces, and a thousand heavy infantry who had come from Zacynthus to their assistance.
Another, hearing that her son had been killed in battle on the spot where he had been placed, said, Lay him away, and let his brother take his place.
not in the passion of lust, even as the Gentiles who don't know God;
He was continually saying that the commander ought rightly to be superior to the privates not in soft living and luxury, but in endurance and courage.
Teacher, which is the greatest commandment in the law?
Doing wrong is worse than being wronged.
Any one on seeing that would have been strengthened.
But he who doubts is condemned if he eats, because it isn't of faith; and whatever is not of faith is sin.
Part 11 It is easier to fill up with drink than with food.
Some blamed him Tullus Hostilius because he wrongly staked everything on the prowess of three men (the Horatii).
This was from the Lord, It is marvelous in our eyes'?
Socrates. But you say that the same things are considered right by some of them and wrong by others; and it is because they disagree about these things
Let him who is on the housetop not go down to take out things that are in his house.
For as yet they didn't know the Scripture, that he must rise from the dead.
‘Because you would have the advantage of submitting before suffering the worst, and we should gain by not destroying you. ’
Then the Jews answered him, Don't we say well that you are a Samaritan, and have a demon?
GELON
When Cyrus read this, he deliberated as to what was the shrewdest way to persuade the Persians to revolt; and what he thought to be most effective, he did:
and one of you tells them, Go in peace, be warmed and filled; and yet you didn't give them the things the body needs, what good is it?
For you know that even when he afterward desired to inherit the blessing, he was rejected, for he found no place for a change of mind though he sought it diligently with tears.
The goal of medicine is health.
Therefore, brothers, desire earnestly to prophesy, and don't forbid speaking with other languages.
Chorus of the Processional Escort Go on your way to your home, children of Night: mighty, lovers of honor, children, yet aged, under kindly escort you who dwell in the land, refrain from inauspicious speech!
that you receive her in the Lord, in a way worthy of the saints, and that you assist her in whatever matter she may need from you, for she herself also has been a helper of many, and of my own self.
Simon answered him, Master, we worked all night, and took nothing; but at your word I will let down the net.
Amphitryon Slain them in a wild fit of frenzywith arrows dipped in the venom of the hundred-headed hydra. Theseus This is Hera’s work; but who lies there among the dead, old man?
But there happened to be a merchantman lying at anchor in the roadstead, which the Athenian ship found time to sail round, and struck the Leucadian in chase amidships and sank her.
While Pharnabazus was conducting this party, the Athenians were besieging Byzantium; they had built a stockade around the city, and were attacking its wall with missiles from a distance and by close assault.
saying, I will declare your name to my brothers. In the midst of the congregation I will sing your praise.
Yet a little while, and the world will see me no more; but you will see me. Because I live, you will live also.
make my joy full, by being like-minded, having the same love, being of one accord, of one mind;
Chapter 7. AESCHINES (c. 400 B. C. )
And because you are sons, God sent out the Spirit of his Son into your hearts, crying, Abba, Father!
No, in all these things, we are more than conquerors through him who loved us.
if by any means I may provoke to jealousy those who are my flesh, and may save some of them.
For there are three who bear witness, the Spirit, and the water, and the blood; and the three agree as one.
They were commanded by Lacedaemonius, the son of Cimon, Diotimus, the son of Strombichus, and Porteas, the son of Epicles.
The Volsci, in nowise terrified by the misfortunes of theirneighbors, made war against the Romans and laid siege to their colonies.
When he was thrown out, Pharaoh's daughter took him up, and reared him as her own son.
ARISTIPPUS
But they all cried out together, saying, Away with this man! Release to us Barabbas!
For God commanded, 'Honor your father and your mother, ' and, 'He who speaks evil of father or mother, let him be put to death. '
Chorus Look, the light has come, and I am freed from the cruel curb that restrained our household. House, rise up!You have lain too long prostrate on the ground.
Behold, I come quickly. Blessed is he who keeps the words of the prophecy of this book.
So then it is not of him who wills, nor of him who runs, but of God who has mercy.
Others are those who are sown among the thorns. These are those who have heard the word,
For John was not yet thrown into prison.
For if the blood of goats and bulls, and the ashes of a heifer sprinkling those who have been defiled, sanctify to the cleanness of the flesh:
On this head Plato also afterwards wrote to him, in a tone almost prophetic, that he should be on his guard against self-will, which was a companion of solitude.
Soc. Don't scoff, nor do what these poor-devil-poets do, but use words of good omen, for a great swarm of goddesses is in motion with their songs.
Don't overthrow God's work for food's sake. All things indeed are clean, however it is evil for that man who creates a stumbling block by eating.
I have been in travels often, perils of rivers, perils of robbers, perils from my countrymen, perils from the Gentiles, perils in the city, perils in the wilderness, perils in the sea, perils among false brothers;
His father, Zacharias, was filled with the Holy Spirit, and prophesied, saying,
They lifted up their voices, saying, Jesus, Master, have mercy on us!
Now, brothers, concerning the coming of our Lord Jesus Christ, and our gathering together to him, we ask you
for the Kingdom of God is not eating and drinking, but righteousness, peace, and joy in the Holy Spirit.
He prohibited boxing and prize-fighting so that the people might not even in sport get the habit of crying off.
The Gospel According to Luke
Others, testing him, sought from him a sign from heaven.
The one remaining stream of the Araxes flows in a clear channel into theCaspian sea . This is a sea by itself, not joined to the other sea. For that on which the Greeks sail, and the sea beyond the pillars of Heracles, which they callAtlantic , and theRed Sea , are all one:
When he came into Capernaum, a centurion came to him, asking him,
The chief priests and the scribes stood, vehemently accusing him.
ECPREPES
Besides, the praetorial tribunal of Brutus himself was daily found covered with such writings as these: Brutus, art thou asleep? and Thou art not really Brutus.
But I do not believe this, that there are one-eyed men who have a nature otherwise the same as other men.
Agrippa said to Festus, This man might have been set free if he had not appealed to Caesar.
DARIUS
and entered into the house of Zacharias and greeted Elizabeth.
Part 57 When tubercles (phymata) form in the urethra, if they suppurate and burst, the pain is carried off.
For to one is given through the Spirit the word of wisdom, and to another the word of knowledge, according to the same Spirit;
Or do you think that the Scripture says in vain, The Spirit who lives in us yearns jealously?
What art thou that hast come to glorious Thebes?
and in knowledge, self-control; and in self-control patience; and in patience godliness;
His disciples asked him, saying, Then why do the scribes say that Elijah must come first?
that they do good, that they be rich in good works, that they be ready to distribute, willing to communicate;
and if children, then heirs; heirs of God, and joint-heirs with Christ; if indeed we suffer with him, that we may also be glorified with him.
Jesus therefore said to him, Unless you see signs and wonders, you will in no way believe.
He supposed that his brothers understood that God, by his hand, was giving them deliverance; but they didn't understand.
Watch therefore, for you don't know the day nor the hour in which the Son of Man is coming.
Don't trust strangers.
by which also you are saved, if you hold firmly the word which I preached to you unless you believed in vain.
I beg you, brothers, become as I am, for I also have become as you are. You did me no wrong,
They said therefore to him, What must we do, that we may work the works of God?
Thus Fortune, postponing to another season her jealous displeasure at the great success of Aemilius, restored to him then in all completeness his pleasure in his victory.
he saw, too, that his horsemen were not very eager to begin the battle, but always waited to see what the infantry did.
Now we, brothers, as Isaac was, are children of promise.
He used to say that those who are serious in ridiculous matters will be ridiculous in serious matters.
Greet Asyncritus, Phlegon, Hermes, Patrobas, Hermas, and the brothers who are with them.
Pains and fevers occur rather at the formation of pus than when it is already formed.
Affairs are in a bad way with you doing nothing of what you should.
To him be the glory and the power forever and ever. Amen.
They sent some of the Pharisees and of the Herodians to him, that they might trap him with words.
So he said to him, 'And you are to be over five cities. '
When Porcia saw this, the image of her own sorrow presented by it caused her to burst into tears, and she would visit it many times a day and weep before it.
For whoever desires to save his life will lose it, but whoever will lose his life for my sake, the same will save it.
But let each man test his own work, and then he will take pride in himself and not in his neighbor.
As soon as it was day, the assembly of the elders of the people was gathered together, both chief priests and scribes, and they led him away into their council, saying,
When they led him away, they grabbed one Simon of Cyrene, coming from the country, and laid on him the cross, to carry it after Jesus.
For he must reign until he has put all his enemies under his feet.
One would justly put it down to our neglect.
Greet Apelles, the approved in Christ. Greet those who are of the household of Aristobulus.
First, I thank my God through Jesus Christ for all of you, that your faith is proclaimed throughout the whole world.
When he heard about Jesus, he sent to him elders of the Jews, asking him to come and save his servant.
After these things he gave them judges until Samuel the prophet.
and that older women likewise be reverent in behavior, not slanderers nor enslaved to much wine, teachers of that which is good;
For where jealousy and selfish ambition are, there is confusion and every evil deed.
He who says he is in the light and hates his brother, is in the darkness even until now.
Part 24 Delirium upon division of the cranium, if it penetrate into the cavity of the head, is bad.
Neither has Herod, for I sent you to him, and see, nothing worthy of death has been done by him.
Part 34 If a person laboring under a fever, without any swelling in the fauces, be seized with a sense of suffocation suddenly, it is a mortal symptom.
Part 60 If woman with a child have her courses, it is impossible that the child can be healthy.
But Jesus hearing it, answered him, Don't be afraid. Only believe, and she will be healed.
And he went round about the villages, teaching.
Having come in, the angel said to her, Rejoice, you highly favored one! The Lord is with you. Blessed are you among women!
It is shameful for you that any (penalty) whatever should be lacking which any one might wish to exact from these men.
knowing that you were redeemed, not with corruptible things, with silver or gold, from the useless way of life handed down from your fathers,
He spoke to them many things in parables, saying, Behold, a farmer went out to sow.
Again, to the Samians: Your counsels are paltry, your subsidies slow; what, think ye, will be the end of this?
But he answered one of them, 'Friend, I am doing you no wrong. Didn't you agree with me for a denarius?
They said therefore, What is this that he says, 'A little while? ' We don't know what he is saying.
But what did you go out to see? A man in soft clothing? Behold, those who wear soft clothing are in king's houses.
He also who got the two talents came and said, 'Lord, you delivered to me two talents. Behold, I have gained another two talents besides them. '
for all have sinned, and fall short of the glory of God;
Many spread their garments on the way, and others were cutting down branches from the trees, and spreading them on the road.
Meanwhile the Thasians being defeated in the field and suffering siege, appealed to Lacedaemon, and desired her to assist them by an invasion of Attica.
Therefore other languages are for a sign, not to those who believe, but to the unbelieving; but prophesying is for a sign, not to the unbelieving, but to those who believe.
whom God raised up, having freed him from the agony of death, because it was not possible that he should be held by it.
for the truth's sake, which remains in us, and it will be with us forever:
The most and best of the rest also were won over by the reputation in which Brutus stood.
He answered them, To you it is given to know the mysteries of the Kingdom of Heaven, but it is not given to them.
And Anaxibius was glad to hear the news that the army was breaking up; for the thought that if this process went on, Pharnabazus would be very greatly pleased.
Amazement took hold on all, and they glorified God. They were filled with fear, saying, We have seen strange things today.
in whom we have our redemption through his blood, the forgiveness of our sins;
In the synagogue there was a man who had a spirit of an unclean demon, and he cried out with a loud voice,
But perhaps you mean that your learning will be not like that.
They brought him who had been blind to the Pharisees.
She went and told those who had been with him, as they mourned and wept.
which is a symbol of the present age, where gifts and sacrifices are offered that are incapable, concerning the conscience, of making the worshipper perfect;
And they themselves, using the civil polity and the laws which he had ordained, enjoyed a long course of unbroken prosperity and happiness.
Where might the strangers be?
and will hand him over to the Gentiles to mock, to scourge, and to crucify; and the third day he will be raised up.
To his son Philip, who inquired in the presenceof numerous persons, When are we going to break camp ? he said, What are you afraid of? That you alone may not hear the bugle ?
Not so, by Zeus, said the Sacian; but of those who get anything not one could you see who gets a wink of sleep for very joy.
Part 27 Tenesmus coming on in a case of pregnancy causes abortion.
After hearing these words and giving and receiving pledges they rode away, and before daybreak they arrived at the camp and made their report, each one to those who had sent him.
Part 16 Heat produces the following bad effects on those who use it frequently: enervation of the fleshy parts, impotence of the nerves, torpor of the understanding, hemorrhages, deliquia, and, along with these, death.
Jesus said to her, Didn't I tell you that if you believed, you would see God's glory?
Then the Pharisees, and some of the scribes gathered together to him, having come from Jerusalem.
Three times I was beaten with rods. Once I was stoned. Three times I suffered shipwreck. I have been a night and a day in the deep.
The woman is working.
Moreover, the fortunes of the two men, which were the same in what befell them rather than in what they elected to do, make their lives alike.
THE PUNIC WARS
They asked him, Why then do you baptize, if you are not the Christ, nor Elijah, nor the Prophet?
My friends are in danger.
You therefore must endure hardship, as a good soldier of Christ Jesus.
He often smiles.
But when he saw that the wind was strong, he was afraid, and beginning to sink, he cried out, saying, Lord, save me!
But now they desire a better country, that is, a heavenly one. Therefore God is not ashamed of them, to be called their God, for he has prepared a city for them.
So, when they were sent off, they came to Antioch. Having gathered the multitude together, they delivered the letter.
that I had never seen thee.
Where is the tree?
They returned, and prepared spices and ointments. On the Sabbath they rested according to the commandment.
As they were untying the colt, the owners of it said to them, 'Why are you untying the colt? '
Now all the tax collectors and sinners were coming close to him to hear him.
In like manner, wives, be in subjection to your own husbands; so that, even if any don't obey the Word, they may be won by the behavior of their wives without a word;
As you enter into the household, greet it.
To Antipater
As for Pharnabazus and the ambassadors, while they were spending the winter at Gordium, in Phrygia, they heard what had happened at Byzantium.
who killed both the Lord Jesus and their own prophets, and drove us out, and didn't please God, and are contrary to all men;
Jesus answered them, Go and tell John the things which you hear and see:
and said, What are you willing to give me, that I should deliver him to you? They weighed out for him thirty pieces of silver.
But when his brothers had gone up to the feast, then he also went up, not publicly, but as it were in secret.
These will go away into eternal punishment, but the righteous into eternal life.
For they can't die any more, for they are like the angels, and are sons of God, being sons of the resurrection.
Then Jesus said to him, Get behind me, Satan! For it is written, 'You shall worship the Lord your God, and him only shall you serve. '
When we had escaped, then we knew that the island was called Malta.
this man went to Pilate, and asked for Jesus' body.
and raised us up with him, and made us to sit with him in the heavenly places in Christ Jesus,
When neither sun nor stars shone on us for many days, and no small tempest pressed on us, all hope that we would be saved was now taken away.
When Pilate therefore heard these words, he brought Jesus out, and sat down on the judgment seat at a place called The Pavement, but in Hebrew, Gabbatha.
The patriarchs, moved with jealousy against Joseph, sold him into Egypt. God was with him,
If Christ has not been raised, your faith is vain; you are still in your sins.
Immediately something like scales fell from his eyes, and he received his sight. He arose and was baptized.
I begged your disciples to cast it out, and they couldn't.
Afterward they asked for a king, and God gave to them Saul the son of Kish, a man of the tribe of Benjamin, for forty years.
Part 40 When pains, without inflammation, occur about the hypochondria, in such cases, fever supervening removes the pain.
For now we live, if you stand fast in the Lord.
Now it happened, while he executed the priest's office before God in the order of his division,
Jesus came to them and spoke to them, saying, All authority has been given to me in heaven and on earth.
Now send men to Joppa, and get Simon, who is surnamed Peter.
He who descended is the one who also ascended far above all the heavens, that he might fill all things.
Don't you know that you are a temple of God, and that God's Spirit lives in you?
As many as I love, I reprove and chasten. Be zealous therefore, and repent.
Here they were seen by the Argives and their allies, who immediately took up a strong and difficult position, and formed in order of battle.
Jesus said to him, If I desire that he stay until I come, what is that to you? You follow me.
about whom, when I was at Jerusalem, the chief priests and the elders of the Jews informed me, asking for a sentence against him.
For such a high priest was fitting for us: holy, guiltless, undefiled, separated from sinners, and made higher than the heavens;
But if this is how God clothes the grass in the field, which today exists, and tomorrow is cast into the oven, how much more will he clothe you, O you of little faith?
But now apart from the law, a righteousness of God has been revealed, being testified by the law and the prophets;
But rise up, and enter into the city, and you will be told what you must do.
ANTALCIDAS
For I am not ashamed of the gospel of Christ, for it is the power of God for salvation for everyone who believes; for the Jew first, and also for the Greek.
But if anyone thinks that he knows anything, he doesn't yet know as he ought to know.
He fell on his face at Jesus' feet, giving him thanks; and he was a Samaritan.
Amphitryon Hush, hush! you will be my ruin.
The light-armed from the rest of Lacedaemon and Hellas were as one to every man-at-arms, and their number was thirty-four thousand and five hundred.
Then he goes, and takes seven other spirits more evil than himself, and they enter in and dwell there. The last state of that man becomes worse than the first.
At any rate, our other colonies honor us, and we are very much beloved by our colonists;
One of them, when he saw that he was healed, turned back, glorifying God with a loud voice.
He was the first to issue an order that any of his companions in the hunt who could and would might throw their spears without waiting for him to throw first.
Again, the Kingdom of Heaven is like a man who is a merchant seeking fine pearls,
For this cause, I remind you that you should stir up the gift of God which is in you through the laying on of my hands.
Jesus, standing up, saw her and said, Woman, where are your accusers? Did no one condemn you?
But he answered them, My mother and my brothers are these who hear the word of God, and do it.
To him therefore who knows to do good, and doesn't do it, to him it is sin.
For since Dionysius now despaired of his cause and fiercely hated the Syracusans, he wished to make their city as it were a tomb for his falling tyranny.
Remind them of these things, charging them in the sight of the Lord, that they don't argue about words, to no profit, to the subverting of those who hear.
Tell us, when will these things be? What is the sign that these things are all about to be fulfilled?
For such men are false apostles, deceitful workers, masquerading as Christ's apostles.
Our mouth is open to you, Corinthians. Our heart is enlarged.
While such was the fate of the party in Plataea,
For we are God's fellow workers. You are God's farming, God's building.
He strictly ordered them that no one should know this, and commanded that something should be given to her to eat.
Blessed be the God and Father of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of mercies and God of all comfort;
PYTHEAS
But he said, The things which are impossible with men are possible with God.
but in the hidden person of the heart, in the incorruptible adornment of a gentle and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of God very precious.
Nothing in excess.
It was a Sabbath when Jesus made the mud and opened his eyes.
Grace to you and peace from God our Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
The soldiers led him away within the court, which is the Praetorium; and they called together the whole cohort.
Stand therefore, having the utility belt of truth buckled around your waist, and having put on the breastplate of righteousness,
By such a decision you can become firm friends with the Lacedaemonians at their own invitation, which you do not force from them, but oblige them by accepting.
But apparently he neglected them and abandoned them to the wrath of the citizens, who were bent on taking vengeance in behalf of Dion, who drove out Dionysius.
When supper was over, he grasped Messala’s hand warmly, and, speaking in Greek, as was his custom when he would show affection, said:
Now when they heard this, they were cut to the heart, and said to Peter and the rest of the apostles, Brothers, what shall we do?
Yet again, the earth willingly teaches righteousness to those who can learn; for the better she is served, the more good things she gives in return.
He who has received his witness has set his seal to this, that God is true.
For from now on, there will be five in one house divided, three against two, and two against three.
Chorus of Danaids and HandmaidensMay sovereign Zeus spare me cruel marriage with a man I hate, that very Zeus who mercifully freed Io from pain, restoring her with healing hand by kindly force.
Unless those days had been shortened, no flesh would have been saved. But for the elect's sake, those days will be shortened.
Pilate again asked them, What then should I do to him whom you call the King of the Jews?
As Peter was in the courtyard below, one of the maids of the high priest came,
For whoever does the will of my Father who is in heaven, he is my brother, and sister, and mother.
But if they don't have self-control, let them marry. For it's better to marry than to burn.
The great beginning travels to the extreme part ; from the extreme part there is travelling to the great beginning. One nature to be and not to be.
But Jesus knowing in himself that his disciples murmured at this, said to them, Does this cause you to stumble?
For I am jealous over you with a godly jealousy. For I married you to one husband, that I might present you as a pure virgin to Christ.
But I will stay at Ephesus until Pentecost,
Behold, I, Paul, tell you that if you receive circumcision, Christ will profit you nothing.
Blood discharged upward, whatever be its character, is a bad symptom, but downward it is (more? ) favorable, and so also black dejections.
Give us day by day our daily bread.
For it had been firmly decided not to kill any one else, but to summon all to the enjoyment of liberty.
The multitude therefore that was with him when he called Lazarus out of the tomb, and raised him from the dead, was testifying about it.
Tom is a terrible farmer.
Archidamus, the son of Agesilaus, on seeing the missile shot by a catapult, which had been brought then for the first time from Sicily, cried out, Great Heavens ! Man’s valour is no more !
Is she not discreet? is she not beautiful? is she not fruitful? he held out his shoe (the Romans call it calceus), saying: Is this not handsome? is it not new? but no one of you can tell me where it pinches my foot?
Now in return, I speak as to my children, you also be open wide.
doing nothing through rivalry or through conceit, but in humility, each counting others better than himself;
which our twelve tribes, earnestly serving night and day, hope to attain. Concerning this hope I am accused by the Jews, King Agrippa!
But the strongest and most apparent grounds for their envy and hatred of him lay in the difference between his way of life and theirs, and in his refusal to mingle with others.
But behold, the hand of him who betrays me is with me on the table.
The sea-fight was an obstinate one, though not remarkable for its science; indeed it was more like a battle by land.
Chorus Is he sleeping?
ANTONY
PART 18XVIII. Purging upward or downward, neither upward nor downward.
But, because of sexual immoralities, let each man have his own wife, and let each woman have her own husband.
They had a few small fish. Having blessed them, he said to serve these also.
He shall receive a talent as reward.
In Hades, he lifted up his eyes, being in torment, and saw Abraham far off, and Lazarus at his bosom.
When someone inquired why the Spartans wore their hair long and cultivated beards, he said, Because for a man his own adornment is the very best and cheapest.
He arose from there and came into the borders of Judea and beyond the Jordan. Multitudes came together to him again. As he usually did, he was again teaching them.
I expect that these women were called “doves” by the people ofDodonabecause they spoke a strange language, and the people thought it like the cries of birds;
But it has happened to them according to the true proverb, The dog turns to his own vomit again, and the sow that had washed to wallowing in the mire.
Or if he asks for a fish, who will give him a serpent?
For this cause the woman ought to have authority on her head, because of the angels.
But if what I don't desire, that I do, it is no more I that do it, but sin which dwells in me.
and the Scripture was fulfilled which says, Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him as righteousness; and he was called the friend of God.
Then he said to his disciples, The harvest indeed is plentiful, but the laborers are few.
There is learning in suffering.
and delivered righteous Lot, who was very distressed by the lustful life of the wicked
next, he took their strongholds and villages, but dismissed all his captives without ransom, in order that he might win the people over by kindness.
even as the testimony of Christ was confirmed in you:
Part 29 When strong diarrhoea supervenes in a case of leucophlegmatia, it removes the disease.
Now I beg you, dear lady, not as though I wrote to you a new commandment, but that which we had from the beginning, that we love one another.
But these speak evil of whatever things they don't know. What they understand naturally, like the creatures without reason, in these things are they destroyed.
These soldiers, then, took over the acropolis and the castle of the tyrant, together with his equipment and stores for the war;
constant friction of men of corrupt minds and destitute of the truth, who suppose that godliness is a means of gain. Withdraw yourself from such.
He marveled because of their unbelief. He went around the villages teaching.
I tell you, keep asking, and it will be given you. Keep seeking, and you will find. Keep knocking, and it will be opened to you.
NICOSTRATUS
Life is difficult.
Finally, be strong in the Lord, and in the strength of his might.
Beware of the dogs, beware of the evil workers, beware of the false circumcision.
Tell the master of the house, 'The Teacher says to you, Where is the guest room, where I may eat the Passover with my disciples? '
When therefore they were gathered together, Pilate said to them, Whom do you want me to release to you? Barabbas, or Jesus, who is called Christ?
and the Lord make you to increase and abound in love one toward another, and toward all men, even as we also do toward you,
The disciples looked at one another, perplexed about whom he spoke.
Marcius did not think proper to gainsay either of these demands .
When a certain musician made a great hit, they asked Eudamidas what he thought of the man, and he replied, He has great power to charm in a trifling matter.
the son of Joanan, the son of Rhesa, the son of Zerubbabel, the son of Shealtiel, the son of Neri,
and it was no manifestation of such self-mastery, he said, when one was kind to friends and benefactors, but when one who had been wronged was merciful and mild towards the erring;
I am about to suffer.
contributing to the needs of the saints; given to hospitality.
Therefore in the resurrection whose wife of them will she be? For the seven had her as a wife.
Tom writes badly.
Enter Haemon. Chorus But here is Haemon, the last of your offspring. Does he come grieving for the doom of Antigone, his promised bride,and bitter for the deceived hope of their marriage?
COMPARISON OF DEMOSTHENES AND CICERO
Virtue is a thing that may be taught.
Woe to you lawyers! For you took away the key of knowledge. You didn't enter in yourselves, and those who were entering in, you hindered.
doesn't behave itself inappropriately, doesn't seek its own way, is not provoked, takes no account of evil;
Since it is a righteous thing with God to repay affliction to those who afflict you,
He gathered them together into the place which is called in Hebrew, Megiddo.
doesn't rejoice in unrighteousness, but rejoices with the truth;
Therefore some of them of Jerusalem said, Isn't this he whom they seek to kill?
When Eurybiades lifted his cane as though to strike him, he said, Strike but listen.
that you abstain from things sacrificed to idols, from blood, from things strangled, and from sexual immorality, from which if you keep yourselves, it will be well with you. Farewell.
What do you want? Shall I come to you with a rod, or in love and a spirit of gentleness?
Chorus Oh raise a shout of triumph over the escape of our master’s house from its misery and the wasting of its wealth by two who were unclean, its grievous fortune!
'For I tell you that to everyone who has, will more be given; but from him who doesn't have, even that which he has will be taken away from him.
He said to them, I saw Satan having fallen like lightning from heaven.
What does she see?
For it is impossible that the blood of bulls and goats should take away sins.
Thus it was, then, that Plato, as he himself says, came for the third time to the straits of Scylla, That he might once more measure back his way to fell Charybdis.
Jesus answered them, I have shown you many good works from my Father. For which of those works do you stone me?
Bring us not into temptation, but deliver us from the evil one. For yours is the kingdom, the power, and the glory forever. Amen. '
But concerning the times and the seasons, brothers, you have no need that anything be written to you.
God is faithful, through whom you were called into the fellowship of his Son, Jesus Christ, our Lord.
Wrongdoing, he used to say, even if it brings no risk to its authors, brings risk to all.
When someone, at an inappropriate time, discoursed about some matters which were not unprofitable, he said, My friend, in needless time you dwell upon the need!
Charillus, being asked why Lycurgus made so few laws, said, Because those who use few words have need of but few laws.
Part 2 When sleep puts an end to delirium, it is a good symptom.
And how Pharax the Spartan and Callippus the Athenian violated laws and treaties in their hopes of ruling Sicily, has been told by many writers.
But in those sacrifices there is yearly reminder of sins.
Don't trust Tom.
Continue steadfastly in prayer, watching therein with thanksgiving;
He summoned them, and said to them in parables, How can Satan cast out Satan?
I don't want to go to school.
Grace to you and peace from God the Father, and our Lord Jesus Christ,
But of the other kings they related no achievement or act of great note, except of Moeris, the last of them.
I am called the son of Achilles, Neoptolemos.
But Saul increased more in strength, and confounded the Jews who lived at Damascus, proving that this is the Christ.
If you love those who love you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners love those who love them.
THE LAST AGIS
Stand out of my sun.
Menecrates the physician, who was addressed by the title of Zeus, wrote in a letter to him: Menecrates Zeus to King Agesilaus, health and happiness. Agesilaus wrote in reply: King Agesilaus to Menecrates, health and sanity!
So Cassius was appointed to another praetorship, but he was not so grateful for what he got as he was angry over what he had lost.
PHOEBIDAS
Hail, Poseidon, Holder of the Earth, dark-haired lord! O blessed one, be kindly in heart and help those who voyage in ships!
For being ignorant of God's righteousness, and seeking to establish their own righteousness, they didn't subject themselves to the righteousness of God.
For we rejoice when we are weak and you are strong. And this we also pray for, even your perfecting.
COMPARISON OF AGESILAÜS AND POMPEY
He answered him, Unbelieving generation, how long shall I be with you? How long shall I bear with you? Bring him to me.
DAMINDAS
I shall obey the god rather than you.
For to me to live is Christ, and to die is gain.
One of them, named Cleopas, answered him, Are you the only stranger in Jerusalem who doesn't know the things which have happened there in these days?
Part 37 Cold sweats occurring with an acute fever, indicate death; and along with a milder one, a protracted disease.
He, casting away his cloak, sprang up, and came to Jesus.
When the Ephors said that he was taking but few men to Thermopylae, he said, Too many for the enterprise on which we are going.
But these men might be wise in some greater wisdom.
The house is small but beautiful.
(for the law made nothing perfect), and a bringing in thereupon of a better hope, through which we draw near to God.
Be like men watching for their lord, when he returns from the marriage feast; that, when he comes and knocks, they may immediately open to him.
Let me go to her!
He was without sight for three days, and neither ate nor drank.
And as if this were not enough, you got her to fly with you and went off with her. And not just with her, either, but you plundered your guest-friend's wealth and brought it, too.
Woe to you, scribes and Pharisees, hypocrites! For you are like hidden graves, and the men who walk over them don't know it.
Paul and Timothy, servants of Jesus Christ; To all the saints in Christ Jesus who are at Philippi, with the overseers and deacons:
wishing to reduce the Melians, who, although islanders refused to be subjects of Athens or even to join her confederacy.
Forgive us our sins, For we ourselves also forgive everyone who is indebted to us. Bring us not into temptation, But deliver us from the evil one. '
Then people from Jerusalem, all of Judea, and all the region around the Jordan went out to him.
Beware of false prophets, who come to you in sheep's clothing, but inwardly are ravening wolves.
Watch therefore, for you don't know when the lord of the house is coming, whether at evening, or at midnight, or when the rooster crows, or in the morning;
It was the sad fate which made Hipparchus famous that got him also the credit with posterity of having been tyrant.
If any man has ears to hear, let him hear.
and coming out of the tombs after his resurrection, they entered into the holy city and appeared to many.
COMPARISON OF ARISTIDES AND MARCUS CATO
We see, therefore, that both men had many noble traits, and especially that they rose to the greatest heights from the most inconsiderable beginnings; but this is most to the credit of Dion.
I am sending him to you for this very purpose, that he may know your circumstances and comfort your hearts,
He therefore who supplies the Spirit to you, and works miracles among you, does he do it by the works of the law, or by hearing of faith?
The serpent spewed water out of his mouth after the woman like a river, that he might cause her to be carried away by the stream.
Lamachus reprimanded one of his captains who had made a mistake, and when the man vowed he would never do it again, Lamachus said, In war there is no room for two mistakes.
CAECILIUS METELLUS
The Persians sailed fromTarentumand pursued Democedes toCroton , where they found him in the marketplace and tried to seize him.
One said to him, Lord, are they few who are saved? He said to them,
But he answered, Every plant which my heavenly Father didn't plant will be uprooted.
Chorus O horrible! all this blood
I revealed your name to the people whom you have given me out of the world. They were yours, and you have given them to me. They have kept your word.
For he who serves Christ in these things is acceptable to God and approved by men.
Now I say this. A covenant confirmed beforehand by God in Christ, the law, which came four hundred and thirty years after, does not annul, so as to make the promise of no effect.
ARCHIDAMUS
But now I come to you, and I say these things in the world, that they may have my joy made full in themselves.
Upon dysentery lientery.
Peter therefore denied it again, and immediately the rooster crowed.
Therefore exhort one another, and build each other up, even as you also do.
LUCULLUS
SAYINGS OF KINGS AND COMMANDERS PLUTARCH TO TRAJAN, SUPREME MONARCH? SUCCESS AND PROSPERITY
I speak by way of disparagement, as though we had been weak. Yet however any is bold (I speak in foolishness), I am bold also.
Rejoice with those who rejoice. Weep with those who weep.
and we hear that he has a desire for your city and strongholds on the coast we shall try to prove ourselves his friends by aiding him to accomplish his desires.
Part 11 Hemorrhoids appearing in melancholic and nephritic affections are favorable.
What does Tom intend to do?
The chief priests and the scribes sought how they might put him to death, for they feared the people.
In answer to the Thebans who were disputing with them over some matters, they said, You should have less pride or more power.
Don't let your heart be troubled. Believe in God. Believe also in me.
I will hear you fully when your accusers also arrive. He commanded that he be kept in Herod's palace.
Chorus O Argos, home of steeds, my native land! ye have heard with your ears these words, the king’s pious will toward the gods in the sight of great Pelasgia and throughout Argos.
I'm not to blame.
In answer to the man who asked how any man could best preserve his present state of good fortune, he said, By not trusting everything to chance.
After giving these instructions, and adding that he would be responsible for all other matters there, he departed.
But then, showing to his soldiers a glad and cheerful countenance, he rode past them without helmet or breastplate.
You who glory in the law, through your disobedience of the law do you dishonor God?
You don't suppose he was anxious about death, do you?
THEMISTOCLES
Darius, the father of Xerxes, said in praise of himself that in battles and in the face of formidable dangers he became more cool and collected.
Being asked what kind of men the lonians were, he said, Poor freemen, but good slaves.
This is an obvious sign of the righteous judgment of God, to the end that you may be counted worthy of the Kingdom of God, for which you also suffer.
being confident of this very thing, that he who began a good work in you will complete it until the day of Jesus Christ.
No serious news, I hope?
I will remember their sins and their iniquities no more.
Do you think this, O man who judges those who practice such things, and do the same, that you will escape the judgment of God?
Let no man say when he is tempted, I am tempted by God, for God can't be tempted by evil, and he himself tempts no one.
For she said, If I just touch his clothes, I will be made well.
For Christ is the end of the law for righteousness to everyone who believes.
But Peter said, Man, I don't know what you are talking about! Immediately, while he was still speaking, a rooster crowed.
They said, Lord, behold, here are two swords. He said to them, That is enough.
Immediately an angel of the Lord struck him, because he didn't give God the glory, and he was eaten by worms, and he died.
The father of circumcision to those who not only are of the circumcision, but who also walk in the steps of that faith of our father Abraham, which he had in uncircumcision.
The root of this lotus is edible also, and of a sweetish taste; it is round, and the size of an apple.
In a very little while, He who comes will come, and will not wait.
About him we have many words to say, and hard to interpret, seeing you have become dull of hearing.
comfort your hearts and establish you in every good work and word.
When he had come, immediately he came to him, and said, Rabbi! Rabbi! and kissed him.
Part 14 Stupor or delirium from a blow on the head is bad.
Furthermore, they enlisted on his side Miltas the Thessalian also, who was a seer and had studied in the Academy.
There they preached the gospel.
had suspicion as an ally.
Andromache Come to me, my husband, come to me! Hecuba Ah, hapless wife! you call on my son who lies in the tomb. Andromache Your wife’s defender!
to a virgin pledged to be married to a man whose name was Joseph, of the house of David. The virgin's name was Mary.
But he who is joined to the Lord is one spirit.
He who receives a prophet in the name of a prophet will receive a prophet's reward: and he who receives a righteous man in the name of a righteous man will receive a righteous man's reward.
SOLON
When Caesar was about to cross over into Africa against Cato and Scipio, he put Brutus in charge of Cisalpine Gaul, to the great good-fortune of the province;
Such was the character of this sea-fight, which lasted until sunset.
Chorus Ah, inbred trouble and bloody stroke of ruin striking a discord!Ah, lamentable and grievous sorrows! Ah, the unstaunched pain!
But you, beloved, keep building up yourselves on your most holy faith, praying in the Holy Spirit.
Honor your father and mother, which is the first commandment with a promise:
But if you had known what this means, 'I desire mercy, and not sacrifice, ' you would not have condemned the guiltless.
LYCURGUS
When the Cymaeans heard this answer, they sent Pactyes away toMytilene ; for they were anxious not to perish for delivering him up or to be besieged for keeping him with them.
He who believes and is baptized will be saved; but he who disbelieves will be condemned.
On the next day, he was determined to go out into Galilee, and he found Philip. Jesus said to him, Follow me.
for the weapons of our warfare are not of the flesh, but mighty before God to the throwing down of strongholds,
He taught in their synagogues, being glorified by all.
I have given a fairly complete account of the institutions of Lycurgus so far as they apply to the successive stages of life. I will now try to describe the system that he established for all alike.
A certain servant girl saw him as he sat in the light, and looking intently at him, said, This man also was with him.
The bravest of the rest fell also, risking their lives in defence of Brutus.
about sin, because they don't believe in me;
But Jesus said to him, Judas, do you betray the Son of Man with a kiss?
for we can't help telling the things which we saw and heard.
However you did well that you had fellowship with my affliction.
While Peter was still speaking these words, the Holy Spirit fell on all those who heard the word.
For he is our peace, who made both one, and broke down the middle wall of partition,
that the God of our Lord Jesus Christ, the Father of glory, may give to you a spirit of wisdom and revelation in the knowledge of him;
Judas, who betrayed him, answered, It isn't me, is it, Rabbi? He said to him, You said it.
Behold, a spirit takes him, he suddenly cries out, and it convulses him so that he foams, and it hardly departs from him, bruising him severely.
Don't handle, nor taste, nor touch
When Saul had come to Jerusalem, he tried to join himself to the disciples. They were all afraid of him, not believing that he was a disciple.
Part 3 If the matters which are purged be such as should be purged, it is beneficial and well borne; but if the contrary, with difficulty.
I come quickly. Hold firmly that which you have, so that no one takes your crown.
Jesus, crying with a loud voice, said, Father, into your hands I commit my spirit! Having said this, he breathed his last.
The scene is outdoors. There is a cave upstage center (represented by the skene door). Enter Apollo, right. Apollo I, Apollo, proclaim to all gods and all mortal men: I shall give a golden basin to whoever can bring back my cattle from far away. It is quite unpleasant to me that they are gone, all of them: cows, calves, heifers. They are all gone, and I look in vain for their tracks, while they wander far from their own mangers. I never thought that any of the gods or of men, whose lives are like a single day, would dare do such a thing. Since I found out about this, shocked as I was, I have been seeking them, and I have proclaimed the deed so that no god or mortal men could be unaware of it. I am beside myself. I have gone to visit the whole nation of the Locrians, those who inhabit Opus, those in Ozolis, those in Knemis by the Cephisus. I have gone to Aetolia and to Acarnanian Argos. From there I came to the grove of Zeus at Dodona, shaded by leaves of prophecy. I then hastened to the fruitful plains of Thessalyand the wealthy cities of Boeotia. And then I came to Attica, to holy Athens, but I see my cows nowhere. Then I came to Dorian Argos and the nearby hill. From there I came, in one leap, to the Stymphalian Lake and Mount Cyllene, hard to climb. I speak to the forest: if any shepherd or any rustic or any charcoal-burner is here, or any saytr from the mountains, child of the river-nymphs, I announce these things to one and all. Whoever can capture the one who stole the cattle of Apollo Paean, his is the reward that standshere. Enter Silenus, left. Silenus As soon as I heard you shouting your proclamation, I came as fast as an old man can, because I want to help you out, Phoebus Apollo, and perhaps I can hunt up your cattle. Then a messenger will announce my golden reward. I will tell my children to look carefully, if you really do mean to do what you’ve promised. Apollo I will indeed; only confirm your promise. Silenus I will bring you back your cattle; but you confirm the reward. Apollo Whoever finds them will have it; it is ready at hand. SilenusseekApollo
I tell you, it will be more tolerable in that day for Sodom than for that city.
Chorus In the first place we showed to the world armies worthy of our fame, and civil institutions, like towers in strength, regulated all the state; and our return from war brought back our men, unworn and unsuffering, to happy homes.
for I will give you a mouth and wisdom which all your adversaries will not be able to withstand or to contradict.
They used to make the Helots drunk and exhibit them to the young as a deterrent from excessive drinking.
This is my job.
Sailing from there, we came the following day opposite Chios. The next day we touched at Samos and stayed at Trogyllium, and the day after we came to Miletus.
I know your works, that you are neither cold nor hot. I wish you were cold or hot.
According as each has received a gift, be ministering it among yourselves, as good stewards of the grace of God in its various forms.
I, being perplexed how to inquire concerning these things, asked whether he would go to Jerusalem and there be judged concerning these matters.
And Jesus increased in wisdom and stature, and in favor with God and men.
I just want to learn this from you. Did you receive the Spirit by the works of the law, or by hearing of faith?
COTYS
And he crossed the river Rubicon from his province in Gaul against Pompey, saying before all, Let the die be cast.
The Eretrians, he said humorously, were like cuttle-fish in having a swordbut no heart.
The people refused to elect Marcius (Coriolanus) whenhe sought the consulship, not because they considered him unfit, but because they feared his domineering spirit.
'Honor your father and mother. ' And, 'You shall love your neighbor as yourself. '
These oaths they sealed by sacrificing a bull, a boar, and a ram over a shield, the Greeks dipping a sword in the blood and the barbarians a lance.
sorrowing most of all because of the word which he had spoken, that they should see his face no more. They brought him on his way to the ship.
Why silent? Thou shouldst not be silent.
Glory to God in the highest, On earth peace, good will toward men.
For if I preach the gospel, I have nothing to boast about; for necessity is laid on me; but woe is to me, if I don't preach the gospel.
Chapter 9. MYSON (c. 600 B. C. )
Persons are most subject to apoplexy between the ages of forty and sixty.
Strong and weak constitutions proved equally incapable of resistance, all alike being swept away, although dieted with the utmost precaution.
Now from the sixth hour there was darkness over all the land until the ninth hour.
They brought the boy alive, and were not a little comforted.
Hey. Where are you going?
“The lyre and the curved bow shall ever be dear to me, and I will declare to men the unfailing will of Zeus. ”
ZENO
GAIUS MARIUS
There is nothing from outside of the man, that going into him can defile him; but the things which proceed out of the man are those that defile the man.
PERICLES
knowing that Christ, being raised from the dead, dies no more. Death no more has dominion over him!
Chorus With grief and many a bitter tear we go our way, robbed of all we prized most dearly.
Now we know that you know all things, and don't need for anyone to question you. By this we believe that you came forth from God.
He said to them, Moses, because of the hardness of your hearts, allowed you to divorce your wives, but from the beginning it has not been so.
He used to say that, since there are so many odious things connected with old age, it is only right not to add the odium which comes from vice.
Therefore, though I have all boldness in Christ to command you that which is appropriate,
Jesus answered, The greatest is, 'Hear, Israel, the Lord our God, the Lord is one:
I'm a free man.
Or else, while the other is yet a great way off, he sends an envoy, and asks for conditions of peace.
Cowardly.
When they saw it, they all murmured, saying, He has gone in to lodge with a man who is a sinner.
But the Pharisees said, By the prince of the demons, he casts out demons.
Jesus, looking at them, said, With men it is impossible, but not with God, for all things are possible with God.
during which time ambassadors and heralds should go and come between the two countries to discuss the bases of a pacification.
He said to me, 'Depart, for I will send you out far from here to the Gentiles. '
But God, being rich in mercy, for his great love with which he loved us,
They threw him out of the vineyard, and killed him. What therefore will the lord of the vineyard do to them?
Of these, ships were furnished by Chios, Lesbos, and Corcyra, infantry and money by the rest.
But Jesus, knowing this, said to them, Why do you trouble the woman? Because she has done a good work for me.
That's how you would have avenged me.
He said, That which proceeds out of the man, that defiles the man.
You are not restricted by us, but you are restricted by your own affections.
ARISTEIDES
and set forth customs which it is not lawful for us to accept or to observe, being Romans.
Again he went away, and prayed, saying the same words.
When someone said, Because of the arrows of the barbarians it is impossible to see the sun, he said, Won’t it be nice, then, if we shall have shade in which to fight them?
saying, Teacher, Moses said, 'If a man dies, having no children, his brother shall marry his wife, and raise up seed for his brother. '
But you be sober in all things, suffer hardship, do the work of an evangelist, and fulfill your ministry.
The commanding officer took him by the hand, and going aside, asked him privately, What is it that you have to tell me?
I commend to you Phoebe, our sister, who is a servant of the assembly that is at Cenchreae,
About these also Enoch, the seventh from Adam, prophesied, saying, Behold, the Lord came with ten thousands of his holy ones,
Now the natural man doesn't receive the things of God's Spirit, for they are foolishness to him, and he can't know them, because they are spiritually discerned.
In acute diseases it is not quite safe to prognosticate either death or recovery.
With that, the subject was dropt. But at this point Chrysantas spoke as follows.
They said one to another, Weren't our hearts burning within us, while he spoke to us along the way, and while he opened the Scriptures to us?
Therefore the law indeed is holy, and the commandment holy, and righteous, and good.
For you need endurance so that, having done the will of God, you may receive the promise.
But when they continued asking him, he looked up and said to them, He who is without sin among you, let him throw the first stone at her.
THECTAMENES
Aren't five sparrows sold for two assaria? Not one of them is forgotten by God.
Don't you know that we will judge angels? How much more, things that pertain to this life?
one Lord, one faith, one baptism,
To Demeter
He who brought me up sold me to a certain Rhoda at Rome.
CAESAR
Don't judge according to appearance, but judge righteous judgment.
To the pure, all things are pure; but to those who are defiled and unbelieving, nothing is pure; but both their mind and their conscience are defiled.
His clothing became glistening, exceedingly white, like snow, such as no launderer on earth can whiten them.
But when he heard these things, he became very sad, for he was very rich.
I beg you therefore, be imitators of me.
To a man who was being punished, and kept saying, I did wrong unwillingly, someone retorted, Then take your punishment unwillingly.
So then the Lord Jesus, after he had spoken to them, was received up into heaven, and sat down at the right hand of God.
Most assuredly I tell you, all these things will come upon this generation.
She used to be diligent.
At this juncture, however, a war broke out, and he sent Plato away, promising him that in the summer he would summon Dion home.
Paul, looking steadfastly at the council, said, Brothers, I have lived before God in all good conscience until this day.
Seeing their faith, he said to him, Man, your sins are forgiven you.
For it isn't he who commends himself who is approved, but whom the Lord commends.
ARTAXERXES MNEMON
The people stood watching. The rulers with them also scoffed at him, saying, He saved others. Let him save himself, if this is the Christ of God, his chosen one!
He said to her, Daughter, your faith has made you well. Go in peace, and be cured of your disease.
'Whoever swears by the altar, it is nothing; but whoever swears by the gift that is on it, he is a obligated. '
Jesus said to him, Arise, take up your mat, and walk.
What are you doing?
that 'seeing they may see, and not perceive; and hearing they may hear, and not understand; lest perhaps they should turn again, and their sins should be forgiven them. '
It will be, that whoever will call on the name of the Lord will be saved. '
He who spoke with me had for a measure, a golden reed, to measure the city, its gates, and its walls.
Behold, a woman who had an issue of blood for twelve years came behind him, and touched the tassels of his garment;
Let us therefore give diligence to enter into that rest, lest anyone fall after the same example of disobedience.
Jesus, knowing that the Father had given all things into his hands, and that he came forth from God, and was going to God,
Once the Son of Cronos was joined with her in love; and she conceived and bare a daughter Pandia, exceeding lovely amongst the deathless gods.
and all ate the same spiritual food;
Chorus I invokeApia’s hilly land for well, O land, youunderstand my barbarous speech , and many times I lay my hands upon my Sidonian veil and tear its linen fabric to shreds.
The whole company of them rose up and brought him before Pilate.
The Lord said, Listen to what the unrighteous judge says.
I glorified you on the earth. I have accomplished the work which you have given me to do.
Follow after peace with all men, and the sanctification without which no man will see the Lord,
Zerubbabel became the father of Abiud. Abiud became the father of Eliakim. Eliakim became the father of Azor.
At evening, when the sun had set, they brought to him all who were sick, and those who were possessed by demons.
Now the Passover, the feast of the Jews, was at hand.
Now I praise you, brothers, that you remember me in all things, and hold firm the traditions, even as I delivered them to you.
But Jesus said to them, For your hardness of heart, he wrote you this commandment.
Not that I speak in respect to lack, for I have learned in whatever state I am, to be content in it.
But the days will come when the bridegroom will be taken away from them, and then will they fast in that day.
Chorus Leader But the bolts of the palace-doors rattle; be silent; for one of the Phrygians is coming out, from whom we will inquire of the state of matters within.
but I prayed for you, that your faith wouldn't fail. You, when once you have turned again, establish your brothers.
Jesus answered them, The time has come for the Son of Man to be glorified.
However, as he knew even about the gross absurdities I was engaged in, far as I was from Delphi, I then sent to him to inquire if I should have male issue.
Of Demades the orator, who had already become an old man, he said that he was like an animal which had been eaten at a sacrificial feast; there was left only the belly and the tongue.
And that Corinth was injuring us is clear. Invited to refer the dispute about Epidamnus to arbitration, they chose to prosecute their complaints by war rather than by a fair trial.
(I also baptized the household of Stephanas; besides them, I don't know whether I baptized any other. )
Then the maid who kept the door said to Peter, Are you also one of this man's disciples? He said, I am not.
But I tell you that one greater than the temple is here.
the son of Serug, the son of Reu, the son of Peleg, the son of Eber, the son of Shelah
For this corruptible must put on incorruption, and this mortal must put on immortality.
To these words the chief of the Mossynoecians replied that they desired this arrangement and accepted the alliance.
The Jews also joined in the attack, affirming that these things were so.
They were baptized by him in the Jordan, confessing their sins.
I never ceased pitying ourselves.
He spoke a parable to them, saying, The ground of a certain rich man brought forth abundantly.
Now indeed even the first covenant had ordinances of divine service, and an earthly sanctuary.
For man is not from woman, but woman from man;
But shun empty chatter, for they will proceed further in ungodliness,
Custom is the ruler of all.
For he will be delivered up to the Gentiles, will be mocked, treated shamefully, and spit on.
They urged him, saying, Stay with us, for it is almost evening, and the day is almost over. He went in to stay with them.
Cretans and Arabians: we hear them speaking in our languages the mighty works of God!
For if I make you sorry, then who will make me glad but he who is made sorry by me?
and she saw two angels in white sitting, one at the head, and one at the feet, where the body of Jesus had lain.
But their eyes were kept from recognizing him.
But Peter answered him, Even if all will be made to stumble because of you, I will never be made to stumble.
All who came before me are thieves and robbers, but the sheep didn't listen to them.
But I tell you that Elijah has come, and they have also done to him whatever they wanted to, even as it is written about him.
But Jesus answered them, You are mistaken, not knowing the Scriptures, nor the power of God.
But if I live on in the flesh, this will bring fruit from my work; yet I don't make known what I will choose.
For I desire to have you know how greatly I struggle for you, and for those at Laodicea, and for as many as have not seen my face in the flesh;
Greece has lost an eye in the destruction of the Thebans' city.
Lay hands hastily on no one, neither be a participant in other men's sins. Keep yourself pure.
There appear to be different customs.
but is under guardians and stewards until the day appointed by the father.
Now it happened on the second Sabbath after the first, that he was going through the grain fields. His disciples plucked the heads of grain, and ate, rubbing them in their hands.
But it was appropriate to celebrate and be glad, for this, your brother, was dead, and is alive again. He was lost, and is found. '
For God didn't give us a spirit of fear, but of power, love, and self-control.
For everything spoken by God is possible.
Pray for us, for we are persuaded that we have a good conscience, desiring to live honorably in all things.
Iris Spare us your advice on Hera’s and my schemes.
From the days of John the Baptizer until now, the Kingdom of Heaven suffers violence, and the violent take it by force.
Most assuredly I tell you, we speak that which we know, and testify of that which we have seen, and you don't receive our witness.
Since a great multitude was at work, it went quickly; but they spent the whole summer there before it was finished.
Let no one deceive you with empty words. For because of these things, the wrath of God comes on the sons of disobedience.
and the three, surrounding him, besought him even now to listen to reason and change his mind.
God having provided some better thing concerning us, so that apart from us they should not be made perfect.
Let no one of you speak.
But he who is spiritual discerns all things, and he himself is judged by no one.
By chance a certain priest was going down that way. When he saw him, he passed by on the other side.
If we confess our sins, he is faithful and righteous to forgive us our sins, and to cleanse us from all unrighteousness.
Therefore don't be afraid of them, for there is nothing covered that will not be revealed; and hidden that will not be known.
Immediately, therefore, they sent a delegation to him, Archonides and Telesides from the allies, and Hellanicus with four others from the horsemen.
Some of those who have seen these figures guess they are Memnon, but they are far indeed from the truth.
The scribes and the Pharisees brought a woman taken in adultery. Having set her in the midst,
We found the prison shut and locked, and the guards standing before the doors, but when we had opened it up, we found no one inside!
Some of the disciples from Caesarea also went with us, bringing one Mnason of Cyprus, an early disciple, with whom we would stay.
When he had said this, one of the officers standing by slapped Jesus with his hand, saying, Do you answer the high priest like that?
for kings and all who are in high places; that we may lead a tranquil and quiet life in all godliness and reverence.
Then the high priest and the principal men of the Jews informed him against Paul, and they begged him,
Then Peter answered, Behold, we have left everything, and followed you. What then will we have?
Women with child who are seized with fevers, and who are greatly emaciated, without any (other? ) obvious cause, have difficult and dangerous labors, and if they miscarry, they are in danger.
Don't keep chattering.
From the rupture of an internal abscess, prostration of strength, vomiting, and deliquium animi result.
Therefore many of the Jews, who came to Mary and saw what Jesus did, believed in him.
Now I beg you, brothers (you know the house of Stephanas, that it is the first fruits of Achaia, and that they have set themselves to minister to the saints),
Leaving the multitude, they took him with them, even as he was, in the boat. Other small boats were also with him.
He who sent me is with me. The Father hasn't left me alone, for I always do the things that are pleasing to him.
This Artayctes who was crucified was the grandson of that Artembares who instructed the Persians in a design which they took from him and laid before Cyrus; this was its purport:
and they began saying to him, By what authority do you do these things? Or who gave you this authority to do these things?
Now when evening had come, he was reclining at the table with the twelve disciples.
To Heracles the Lion-Hearted
Chorus Such piteous strains of woe I utter in my pain, now shrill, now deep, blended with falling tears Alas, alas! groans appropriate to funeral wails; though I live, I chant my own dirge.
By faith, even Sarah herself received power to conceive, and she bore a child when she was past age, since she counted him faithful who had promised.
even the righteousness of God through faith in Jesus Christ to all and on all those who believe. For there is no distinction,
concerning his Son, who was born of the seed of David according to the flesh,
She called out with a loud voice, and said, Blessed are you among women, and blessed is the fruit of your womb!
So faith comes by hearing, and hearing by the word of God.
For unclean spirits came out of many of those who had them. They came out, crying with a loud voice. Many who had been paralyzed and lame were healed.
But seek God's Kingdom, and all these things will be added to you.
Dionysius the Elder, after assuming the reins of government, at once married the daughter of Hermocrates the Syracusan.
But if you are without discipline, whereof all have been made partakers, then are you illegitimate, and not sons.
He thought it especially necessary for every man to respect himself, since no man is ever separated from himself.
Yes, and you will be brought before governors and kings for my sake, for a testimony to them and to the Gentiles.
Chapter 5. BIAS (c. 570 B. C. )
Peter went down to the men, and said, Behold, I am he whom you seek. Why have you come?
Tom writes well.
saying: We give you thanks, Lord God, the Almighty, the one who is and who was; because you have taken your great power, and reigned.
I made known to them your name, and will make it known; that the love with which you loved me may be in them, and I in them.
the sound of a trumpet, and the voice of words; which those who heard it begged that not one more word should be spoken to them,
I speak as to wise men. Judge what I say.
Seeing the priestess of Artemis surpassingly beautiful in her appearance, he straightway marched forth from Ephesus, for fear that even against his determination he might be constrained to commit some unholy act.
Where is Tom?
Jesus answered them, Isn't this because you are mistaken, not knowing the Scriptures, nor the power of God?
But he said to them, I must preach the good news of the Kingdom of God to the other cities also. For this reason I have been sent.
He spoke a parable to those who were invited, when he noticed how they chose the best seats, and said to them,
For whom the Lord loves, he chastens, And scourges every son whom he receives.
This is yet more abundantly evident, if after the likeness of Melchizedek there arises another priest,
PHOCION THE ATHENIAN
This man led them out, having worked wonders and signs in Egypt, in the Red Sea, and in the wilderness forty years.
and led him to Annas first, for he was father-in-law to Caiaphas, who was high priest that year.
Euthyphro. They accomplish many fine results, Socrates.
Hiccup supervening in dropsical cases is bad.
He used to say that the inhabitants of Asia were poor freemen, but good slaves.
Every writing inspired by God is profitable for teaching, for reproof, for correction, and for instruction which is in righteousness,
But the very hairs of your head are all numbered. Therefore don't be afraid. You are of more value than many sparrows.
The most outlying nations of the world have somehow drawn the finest things as their lot, exactly asGreecehas drawn the possession of far the best seasons.
For he had healed many, so that as many as had diseases pressed on him that they might touch him.
by which means the world that then was, being overflowed with water, perished.
Wisdom is justified by all her children.
For though we walk in the flesh, we don't wage war according to the flesh;
Know thyself.
Hearing a multitude going by, he asked what this meant.
Love never fails. But where there are prophecies, they will be done away with. Where there are various languages, they will cease. Where there is knowledge, it will be done away with.
Jesus went up into the mountain, and he sat there with his disciples.
Many of the Jews had joined the women around Martha and Mary, to console them concerning their brother.
ARATUS
But when it was now the midst of the feast, Jesus went up into the temple and taught.
Even so you also, when you have done all the things that are commanded you, say, 'We are unworthy servants. We have done our duty. '
Send Zenas, the lawyer, and Apollos on their journey speedily, that nothing may be lacking for them.
but had certain questions against him of their own religion, and of one Jesus, who was dead, whom Paul affirmed to be alive.
Pray that your flight won't be in the winter.
Chapter 6. SPHAERUS (flor. c. 220 B. C. )
They, when they heard it, were glad, and promised to give him money. He sought how he might conveniently deliver him.
But I have all things, and abound. I am filled, having received from Epaphroditus the things that came from you, a sweet-smelling fragrance, an acceptable and well-pleasing sacrifice to God.
Part 69 Crude dejections are the product of black bile; if abundant, of more copious, and if deficient, of less copious collections of it.
Then after three years I went up to Jerusalem to visit Peter, and stayed with him fifteen days.
He hasn't injured you, has he?
He called to himself the twelve, and began to send them out two by two; and he gave them authority over the unclean spirits.
But on the following day Lucius Pella, a Roman who had been praetor and had enjoyed the confidence of Brutus, being denounced by the Sardians as an embezzler of the public moneys, was condemned by Brutus and disgraced;
HIPPOCRATIDAS
knowing that from the Lord you will receive the reward of the inheritance; for you serve the Lord Christ.
I tell you that whoever divorces his wife, except for sexual immorality, and marries another, commits adultery; and he who marries her when she is divorced commits adultery.
To each one of those who comes in to the public meals the eldest man says, as he points to the doors, Through these no word goes out.
Sitalces, his son, was now sought as an ally by the Athenians, who desired his aid in the reduction of the Thracian towns and of Perdiccas.
Now this man had four virgin daughters who prophesied.
Then he says, 'I will return into my house from which I came out, ' and when he has come back, he finds it empty, swept, and put in order.
A severe wound of the bladder, of the brain, of the heart, of the diaphragm, of the small intestines, of the stomach, and of the liver, is deadly.
for the multitude of the people followed after, crying out, Away with him!
To Philip, II
in which he also went and preached to the spirits in prison,
The law is not of faith, but, The man who does them will live by them.
Agrippa said to Paul, With a little persuasion are you trying to make me a Christian?
In that hour the disciples came to Jesus, saying, Who then is greatest in the Kingdom of Heaven?
Immediately, the man was made well, and took up his mat and walked. Now it was the Sabbath on that day.
For with whatever judgment you judge, you will be judged; and with whatever measure you measure, it will be measured to you.
Paul, an apostle of Jesus Christ through the will of God, according to the promise of the life which is in Christ Jesus,
Then, leaping from their horses and throwing themselves at the feet of Dion first of all, with streaming eyes they told him the calamities of the Syracusans.
“After bridging the Bosporus that teems with fish, Mandrocles dedicated a memorial of the floating bridge to Hera, Having won a crown for himself, and fame for the Samians, Doing the will of King Darius. ”This memorialized the builder of the bridge.
The neighbors therefore, and those who saw that he was blind before, said, Isn't this he who sat and begged?
Woe to the world because of occasions of stumbling! For it must be that the occasions come, but woe to that person through whom the occasion comes!
When the sun had risen, they were scorched. Because they had no root, they withered away.
Oh Zeus, the farm does not provide much grain.
Always seeking the truth.
So the soldiers, carrying out their orders, took Paul and brought him by night to Antipatris.
For the name of God is blasphemed among the Gentiles because of you, just as it is written.
You as well, child.
At that time, Herod the tetrarch heard the report concerning Jesus,
as Sarah obeyed Abraham, calling him lord, whose children you now are, if you do well, and are not put in fear by any terror.
Be imitators of me, even as I also am of Christ.
Jesus said to him, Go your way. Your son lives. The man believed the word that Jesus spoke to him, and he went his way.
Of our unwilling Medism and your willful Atticizing this then is our explanation.
In her was found the blood of prophets and of saints, and of all who have been slain on the earth.
But I tell you the truth: There are some of those who stand here, who will in no way taste of death, until they see the Kingdom of God.
I was with you in weakness, in fear, and in much trembling.
Part 56 Sweat supervening in a case of the fever ceasing, is bad, for the disease is protracted, and it indicates more copious humors.
When he opened the second seal, I heard the second living creature saying, Come!
All his works are known to God from eternity. '
For we brought nothing into the world, and we certainly can't carry anything out.
Judas the son of James; and Judas Iscariot, who also became a traitor.
Did I ask you for something, and then strike you because you would not give it to me? Did I demand something back? Was it in a fight over a favourite? Was it an act of drunken violence?
4. As to the offering to the god, the Argives, if they wish, shall impose an oath upon the Epidaurians, but, if not, they shall swear it themselves.
He closed the book, gave it back to the attendant, and sat down. The eyes of all in the synagogue were fastened on him.
Jesus answered him, You don't know what I am doing now, but you will understand later.
And how will they preach unless they are sent? As it is written: How beautiful are the feet of those who preach the gospel of peace, Who bring glad tidings of good things!
Alcibiades therefore urged him to wear them both out at first, and after docking the Athenian power as much as he could, forthwith to rid the country of the Peloponnesians.
being filled with the fruits of righteousness, which are through Jesus Christ, to the glory and praise of God.
Your riches are corrupted and your garments are moth-eaten.
He is a good judge of the things that he knows.
but while people slept, his enemy came and sowed darnel also among the wheat, and went away.
Now it happened in those days, that a decree went out from Caesar Augustus that all the world should be enrolled.
Nicodemus, who at first came to Jesus by night, also came bringing a mixture of myrrh and aloes, about a hundred Roman pounds.
Don't make noise.
Or else wouldn't they have ceased to be offered, because the worshippers, having been once cleansed, would have had no more consciousness of sins?
He said to them, But who do you say that I am?
For let none of you suffer as a murderer, or a thief, or an evil doer, or as a meddler in other men's matters.
For you were going astray like sheep; but are now returned to the Shepherd and Overseer of your souls.
and say, 'We played the flute for you, and you didn't dance. We mourned for you, and you didn't lament. '
PANTHOEDAS
Most wretchedly by far do I go down.
They brought him to the place called Golgotha, which is, being interpreted, The place of a skull.
I will sing of Zeus, chiefest among the gods and greatest, all-seeing, the lord of all, the fulfiller who whispers words of wisdom to Themis as she sits leaning towards him.
Peace I leave with you. My peace I give to you; not as the world gives, give I to you. Don't let your heart be troubled, neither let it be fearful.
For circumcision indeed profits, if you are a doer of the law, but if you are a transgressor of the law, your circumcision has become uncircumcision.
When they had crossed over, they came to land at Gennesaret, and moored to the shore.
His mother answered, Not so; but he will be called John.
You will know the truth, and the truth will make you free.
Adam wasn't deceived, but the woman, being deceived, has fallen into disobedience;
Take, brothers, for an example of suffering and of patience, the prophets who spoke in the name of the Lord.
He cried with a loud voice, as a lion roars. When he cried, the seven thunders uttered their voices.
When one of the men who were to die with him wept and cursed, he said, Are you not content, Thudippus, that you are to die with Phocion ?
John came baptizing in the wilderness and preaching the baptism of repentance for forgiveness of sins.
He said to them, Which of you, if you go to a friend at midnight, and tell him, 'Friend, lend me three loaves of bread,
Game and hounds are the invention of gods, of Apollo and Artemis. They bestowed it on Cheiron and honoured him therewith for his righteousness. And he, receiving it, rejoiced in the gift, and used it.
He who loves his brother remains in the light, and there is no occasion for stumbling in him.
Why, yes, we should have done this and this, and not have done that.
Therefore when he comes into the world, he says, Sacrifice and offering you didn't desire, But a body did you prepare for me;
When they arrived, these chiefs of the Mossynoecians and the generals of the Greeks met together;
Part 49 In gouty affections, the inflammation subsides in the course of forty days.
These are the things which defile the man; but to eat with unwashed hands doesn't defile the man.
The second came, saying, 'Your mina, Lord, has made five minas. '
But he said this, signifying by what kind of death he should die.
Save me.
It happened, when Jesus had finished all these words, that he said to his disciples,
who, through faith subdued kingdoms, worked out righteousness, obtained promises, stopped the mouths of lions,
Chapter 2. SOLON (archon 594 B. C. )
To shine on those who sit in darkness and the shadow of death; To guide our feet into the way of peace.
Seeing Peter and John about to go into the temple, he asked to receive gifts for the needy.
Don't seek what you will eat or what you will drink; neither be anxious.
But a voice answered me the second time out of heaven, 'What God has cleansed, don't you make unholy. '
I love you.
that I may know him, and the power of his resurrection, and the fellowship of his sufferings, becoming conformed to his death;
This was done three times, and all were drawn up again into heaven.
Part 49 To procure the expulsion of the secundines, apply a sternutatory, and shut the nostrils and mouth.
So they went with the guard and made the tomb secure, sealing the stone.
But the righteous will live by faith. If he shrinks back, my soul has no pleasure in him.
For according to their power, I testify, yes and beyond their power, they gave of their own accord,
He went out again by the seaside. All the multitude came to him, and he taught them.
Part 70 Persons attacked with quartans are not readily attacked with convulsions, or if previously attacked with convulsions, they cease if a quartan supervene.
When Pindar wrote,Athens the mainstay of Greece, a Spartan said that Greece was like to fall if it rested on any such mainstay as that!
Now to the King eternal, immortal, invisible, to God who alone is wise, be honor and glory forever and ever. Amen.
being eager to keep the unity of the Spirit in the bond of peace.
in whom also we were assigned an inheritance, having been foreordained according to the purpose of him who works all things after the counsel of his will;
You lust, and don't have. You kill, covet, and can't obtain. You fight and make war. Yet you don't have, because you don't ask.
When he had spent all of it, there arose a severe famine in that country, and he began to be in need.
Peace be to the brothers, and love with faith, from God the Father and the Lord Jesus Christ.
For the days will come on you, when your enemies will throw up a barricade against you, surround you, hem you in on every side,
but I could wish to be present with you now, and to change my tone, for I am perplexed about you.
And what of his strategy after he had received the army and had sailed out? A simple narrative of his actions will assuredly convey the clearest impression of it.
and Joanna, the wife of Chuzas, Herod's steward; Susanna; and many others; who ministered to them from their possessions.
Were you called being a bondservant? Don't let that bother you, but if you get an opportunity to become free, use it.
Jesus said to them, My food is to do the will of him who sent me, and to accomplish his work.
Greet Prisca and Aquila, my fellow workers in Christ Jesus,
He said, 'This is what I will do. I will pull down my barns, and build bigger ones, and there I will store all my grain and my goods.
He came to the synagogue ruler's house, and he saw an uproar, weeping, and great wailing.
But when they perceived that he was a Jew, all with one voice for a time of about two hours cried out, Great is Artemis of the Ephesians!
Chorus Away to the harbour and the tents, my friends, to prove the toils ofslavery! for such is fate’s relentless hest.
You can't both drink the cup of the Lord and the cup of demons. You can't both partake of the table of the Lord, and of the table of demons.
After they had spent some time there, they were sent back with greetings from the brothers to the apostles.
At length they have wrought it out so as to pay the penalty.
When Hermodotus in his poems wrote of him as The Offspring of the Sun, he said, The slave who attends to my chamber-pot is not conscious of that!
ROMULUS
Whether therefore you eat, or drink, or whatever you do, do all to the glory of God.
They answered Jesus, We don't know. Jesus said to them, Neither do I tell you by what authority I do these things.
If then you were raised together with Christ, seek the things that are above, where Christ is, seated on the right hand of God.
Nor can they prove to you the things whereof they now accuse me.
that he would grant you, according to the riches of his glory, that you may be strengthened with power through his Spirit in the inward man;
Gallic History
For, He put all things in subjection under his feet. But when he says, All things are put in subjection, it is evident that he is excepted who subjected all things to him.
They answering, asked him, Where, Lord? He said to them, Where the body is, there will the vultures also be gathered together.
Shall I make no reply, but say something else?
receiving the result of your faith, the salvation of your souls.
Then they will deliver you up to oppression, and will kill you. You will be hated by all of the nations for my name's sake.
Immediately many were gathered together, so that there was no more room, not even around the door; and he spoke the word to them.
It happened as he was on his way to Jerusalem, that he was passing along the borders of Samaria and Galilee.
As he sowed, some seeds fell by the roadside, and the birds came and devoured them.
that the blessing of Abraham might come on the Gentiles through Christ Jesus; that we might receive the promise of the Spirit through faith.
When Paul had laid his hands on them, the Holy Spirit came on them, and they spoke with other languages, and prophesied.
There was great joy in that city.
and these stratagems, which do the greatest service to our friends by most completely deceiving our enemies, have the most brilliant name in war.
I killed God.
But he said to them, I have food to eat that you don't know about.
He said, Come!Peter stepped down from the boat, and walked on the waters to come to Jesus.
He will not strive, nor shout; Neither will anyone hear his voice in the streets.
Now the Lord is the Spirit and where the Spirit of the Lord is, there is liberty.
For we have spent enough of our past time living in doing the desire of the Gentiles, and to have walked in lewdness, lusts, drunken binges, orgies, carousings, and abominable idolatries.
Josiah became the father of Jechoniah and his brothers, at the time of the exile to Babylon.
And so hail to you in my song and to all goddesses as well!
you being enriched in everything to all liberality, which works through us thanksgiving to God.
In the same way a Levite also, when he came to the place, and saw him, passed by on the other side.
Then if any man tells you, 'Behold, here is the Christ, ' or, 'There, ' don't believe it.
A very great multitude spread their clothes on the road. Others cut branches from the trees, and spread them on the road.
In whatever disease sleep is laborious, it is a deadly symptom; but if sleep does good, it is not deadly.
Peter, an apostle of Jesus Christ, to the chosen ones who are living as strangers in the Dispersion in Pontus, Galatia, Cappadocia, Asia, and Bithynia,
Alcamenes, the son of Teleclus, when somebody inquired how a man could best keep a kingdom secure, said, If he should not hold his own advantage too high.
Be therefore imitators of God, as beloved children.
Part 77 In those cases where there are furfuraceous particles discharged along with thick urine, there is scabies of the bladder.
This hope we have as an anchor of the soul, a hope both sure and steadfast and entering into that which is within the veil;
I have no greater joy than this, to hear about my children walking in truth.
As he went, they spread their cloaks in the way.
Part 33 Persons having acid eructations are not very apt to be seized with pleurisy.
The boy is strong.
These, then, after crossing into Italy, were perfidiously slain by the Bruttians, thus receiving from the divine power a penalty for their treachery.
For he said to him, Come out of the man, you unclean spirit!
who desires all people to be saved and come to full knowledge of the truth.
The multitudes listened with one accord to the things that were spoken by Philip, when they heard and saw the signs which he did.
but the latter out of love, knowing that I am appointed for the defense of the gospel.
PART 37XXXVII. Periods generally harmonise for the embryo and its nutriment ; and again nutriment tends upwards to milk and the nourishment of the baby.
Part 36 When the menstrual discharge is of a bad color and irregular, it indicates that the woman stands in need of purging.
Fevers, not of the intermittent type, which are exacerbated on the third day, are dangerous; but if they intermit in any form, this indicates that they are not dangerous.
Heal the sick who are therein, and tell them, 'The Kingdom of God has come near to you. '
Then with many other exhortations he preached good news to the people,
above all, taking up the shield of faith, with which you will be able to quench all the fiery darts of the evil one.
But all that we have been able to learn for certain by report of the farthest lands shall be told.
Seeing the man who was healed standing with them, they could say nothing against it.
Shall I then propose the penalty of exile?
But first, he must suffer many things and be rejected by this generation.
To whom did he swear that they wouldn't enter into his rest, but to those who were disobedient?
To what man was he probably sailing?
You ought to have done something.
Even so, their testimony did not agree.
When we entered into Rome, the centurion delivered the prisoners to the captain of the guard, but Paul was allowed to stay by himself with the soldier who guarded him.
We know that all things work together for good for those who love God, to those who are called according to his purpose.
In a council meeting he was asked whether it was due to foolishness or lack of words that he said nothing. But a fool, said he, would not be able to hold his tongue.
CYRUS
Then after this he said to the disciples, Let's go into Judea again.
He will rule them with a rod of iron, shattering them like clay pots; as I also have received of my Father:
They couldn't find what they might do, for all the people hung on to every word that he said.
Because Christ also suffered for sins once, the righteous for the unrighteous, that he might bring you to God; being put to death in the flesh, but made alive in the spirit;
not rendering evil for evil, or reviling for reviling; but instead blessing; knowing that to this were you called, that you may inherit a blessing.
But if you don't believe his writings, how will you believe my words?
Woe to you Pharisees! For you love the best seats in the synagogues, and the greetings in the marketplaces.
They are like children who sit in the marketplace, and call one to another, saying, 'We piped to you, and you didn't dance. We mourned, and you didn't weep. '
Know that our brother Timothy has been freed, with whom, if he comes shortly, I will see you.
quenched the power of fire, escaped the edge of the sword, from weakness were made strong, grew mighty in war, and turned to flight armies of aliens.
Such is the manner of the burying; and throughout the whole of the war, whenever the occasion arose, the established custom was observed.
For however many are the promises of God, in him is the Yes. Therefore also through him is the Amen, to the glory of God through us.
Now Philip was from Bethsaida, of the city of Andrew and Peter.
Jesus answered him, saying, It is written, 'Man shall not live by bread alone, but by every word of God. '
So when his fellow servants saw what was done, they were exceedingly sorry, and came and told to their lord all that was done.
A poor widow came, and she cast in two small brass coins, which make a quadrans.
Is Tom working?
For this is the love of God, that we keep his commandments. His commandments are not grievous.
A manly utterance and a frankness worthy of the name Athenian.
When Thonis heard it, he sent this message the quickest way to Proteus atMemphis :
He used to say that it is necessary to make good deeds secure by means of good deeds, so that they may not fall off in their repute.
Epaphras, my fellow prisoner in Christ Jesus, greets you,
Jesus answering said to them, Have faith in God.
neither did we eat bread from anyone's hand without paying for it, but in labor and travail worked night and day, that we might not burden any of you;
I know, and am persuaded in the Lord Jesus, that nothing is unclean of itself; except that to him who considers anything to be unclean, to him it is unclean.
But they said, Not during the feast, lest a riot occur among the people.
Strep. But you now, throttling me who was bawling and crying out because I wanted to ease myself, had not the heart to carry me forth out of doors, you wretch; but I did it there while I was being throttled.
Part 12 When a person has been cured of chronic hemorrhoids, unless one be left, there is danger of dropsy or phthisis supervening.
The chief priests took the pieces of silver, and said, It's not lawful to put them into the treasury, since it is the price of blood.
but to sit at my right hand and at my left hand is not mine to give, but for whom it has been prepared.
Where is the ship?
Jesus said to her, Go, call your husband, and come here.
And whatever you do, work heartily, as for the Lord, and not for men,
Therefore let us also, seeing we are surrounded by so great a cloud of witnesses, lay aside every weight and the sin which so easily entangles us, and let us run with patience the race that is set before us,
But when Jesus saw it, he was moved with indignation, and said to them, Allow the little children to come to me! Don't forbid them, for the Kingdom of God belongs to such as these.
But because I have told you these things, sorrow has filled your heart.
Therefore also we make it our aim, whether at home or absent, to be well pleasing to him.
Brothers, let me put this in human terms. Even a human covenant, once it is ratified, cannot be canceled or amended.
But a certain Samaritan, as he journeyed, came where he was. When he saw him, he was moved with compassion,
He who hates me, hates my Father also.
Women received their dead by resurrection. Others were tortured, not accepting their deliverance, that they might obtain a better resurrection.
Her neighbors and her relatives heard that the Lord had magnified his mercy towards her, and they rejoiced with her.
and not for the nation only, but that he might also gather together into one the children of God who are scattered abroad.
It is written in the prophets, 'They will all be taught by God. ' Therefore everyone who hears from the Father, and has learned, comes to me.
But Jesus said to them, They don't need to go away. You give them something to eat.
No one fights with us any longer.
In him was life, and the life was the light of men.
Count it all joy, my brothers, when you fall into various temptations,
I affirm, then, that you leave many enemies behind you here to go yonder and bring more back with you.
In his humiliation, his judgment was taken away. Who will declare His generations? For his life is taken from the earth.
I had no relief for my spirit, because I didn't find Titus, my brother, but taking my leave of them, I went out into Macedonia.
When they came to Jesus, they begged him earnestly, saying, He is worthy for you to do this for him,
Did I not always respect you as a sister?
There weren't any other elephants nearby.
Philip said to him, Lord, show us the Father, and that will be enough for us.
They said therefore to him, Who are you? Jesus said to them, Just what I have been saying to you from the beginning.
At all events, when he sued for the first of the high offices in the state, the aedileship, he was elected over twelve competitors, all of whom, we are told, afterwards became consuls.
Part 51 When in a fever not of the intermittent type dyspnoea and delirium come on, the case is mortal.
The peace of God, which surpasses all understanding, will guard your hearts and your thoughts in Christ Jesus.
The sun is beautiful.
Each of these contingents had its own admiral, the Corinthian being under the command of Xenoclides, son of Euthycles, with four colleagues.
through the hypocrisy of men who speak lies, branded in their own conscience as with a hot iron;
Chorus And you who occupy the mighty, gorgeously built cavern, grant that the man’s house may lift up its eyes again in joy, and that with glad eyes it may behold from under its veil of gloom the radiant light of freedom.
Always, night and day, in the tombs and in the mountains, he was crying out, and cutting himself with stones.
Chorus The children’s death
Jesus, perceiving that, withdrew from there. Great multitudes followed him; and he healed them all,
Chapter 4. PITTACUS (c. 600B. C. )
When he had destroyed seven nations in the land of Canaan, he gave them their land for an inheritance, for about four hundred fifty years.
even as you learned of Epaphras our beloved fellow servant, who is a faithful minister of Christ on our behalf,
Jesus answered them, Do you think that these Galilaeans were worse sinners than all the other Galilaeans, because they suffered such things?
He put all things in subjection under his feet, and gave him to be head over all things for the assembly,
Give no occasions for stumbling, either to Jews, or to Greeks, or to the assembly of God;
But if anyone is hungry, let him eat at home, lest your coming together be for judgment. The rest I will set in order whenever I come.
Heaven and earth will pass away, but my words will not pass away.
to the one a stench from death to death; to the other a sweet aroma from life to life. Who is sufficient for these things?
Eliud became the father of Eleazar. Eleazar became the father of Matthan. Matthan became the father of Jacob.
The Jews therefore contended with one another, saying, How can this man give us his flesh to eat?
partly, being exposed to both reproaches and oppressions; and partly, becoming partakers with those who were treated so.
I desire therefore that the men in every place pray, lifting up holy hands without wrath and doubting.
For everyone who does evil hates the light, and doesn't come to the light, lest his works would be exposed.
They brought it. He said to them, Whose is this image and inscription? They said to him, Caesar's.
Peleus married Polydora, daughter of Perieres, by whom he had a putative son Menesthius, though in fact Menesthius was the son of the river Sperchius.
Now the chief priests and the Pharisees had commanded that if anyone knew where he was, he should report it, that they might seize him.
No one in heaven above, or on the earth, or under the earth, was able to open the book, or to look in it.
It happened in the morning, that their rulers, elders, and scribes were gathered together in Jerusalem.
DAMONIDAS
Then Jesus said to them, I will ask you something: Is it lawful on the Sabbath to do good, or to do harm? To save a life, or to kill?
For he who is mighty has done great things for me. Holy is his name.
My name is Nobody.
saying, Most surely I will bless you, and I will surely multiply you.
Those who were foolish, when they took their lamps, took no oil with them,
And they gave them for the potter's field, As the Lord commanded me.
and will come out; those who have done good, to the resurrection of life; and those who have done evil, to the resurrection of judgment.
after which the Athenians sailed away, recovering their dead from the Leucadians under truce.
Brother will deliver up brother to death, and the father his child. Children will rise up against parents, and cause them to be put to death.
SERTORIUS
After this, he embraced Brutus and kissed him, and thus reconciled they betook themselves to their friends.
He has put down princes from their thrones. And has exalted the lowly.
For whoever shall keep the whole law, and yet stumble in one point, he has become guilty of all.
Sanctify them in your truth. Your word is truth.
He will show you a large, furnished upper room. Make preparations there.
THEMISTOCLES
No man having drunk old wine immediately desires new, for he says, 'The old is better. '
With him they crucified two robbers; one on his right hand, and one on his left.
Now in our law, Moses commanded us to stone such. What then do you say about her?
He said, Bring them here to me.
So we also, when we were children, were held in bondage under the elements of the world.
Now when some days had passed, Agrippa the King and Bernice arrived at Caesarea, and greeted Festus.
and that if he should not now be defeated with him, in a little while he would be fighting him. Herein, then, he seems to have been an excellent prophet.
They don't eat when they come from the marketplace, unless they bathe themselves, and there are many other things, which they have received to hold to: washings of cups, pitchers, bronze vessels, and couches. )
They do not all have the same intent, and they will no longer oppose you. Instead you will see them fighting against themselves, those who are on your side against those who are not. ” After indicating this to them he departed.
For those who say such things make it clear that they are seeking after a country of their own.
Part 25 If the matters which are purged be such as should be purged, the evacuation is beneficial, and easily borne; but, not withstanding, if otherwise, with difficulty.
Part 86 In a chronic disease an excessive flux from the bowels is bad.
I myself am also persuaded about you, my brothers, that you yourselves are full of goodness, filled with all knowledge, able also to admonish others.
For he indeed accepted our exhortation, but being himself very earnest, he went out to you of his own accord.
If any man's work is burned, he will suffer loss, but he himself will be saved, but as through fire.
Cotta, however, his colleague in the consulship, after fervent entreaties to the Senate, was sent with some ships to guard the Propontis, and to protect Bithynia.
XENOPHON
I think that it is good therefore, because of the distress that is on us, that it is good for a man to be as he is.
For you most assuredly give thanks well, but the other person is not built up.
The eleventh comprised the Caspii, Pausicae, Pantimathi, and Daritae, paying jointly two hundred;
When someone desired to know what boys ought to learn, he said, That which they will use when they become men.
You who say a man shouldn't commit adultery, do you commit adultery? You who abhor idols, do you rob temples?
Settle it therefore in your hearts not to meditate beforehand how to answer,
Elijah and Moses appeared to them, and they were talking with Jesus.
CATO THE YOUNGER
I should like to get away without his knowing it.
If anyone sues you to take away your coat, let him have your cloak also.
But it is always good to be zealous in a good cause, and not only when I am present with you.
Nevertheless, neither is the woman independent of the man, nor the man independent of the woman, in the Lord.
To Timotheus
Jesus cried out and said, Whoever believes in me, believes not in me, but in him who sent me.
Nobody takes this honor on himself, but he is called by God, just like Aaron was.
I wrote to you in my letter to have no company with sexual sinners;
For neither did I receive it from man, nor was I taught it, but it came to me through revelation of Jesus Christ.
I am the vine. You are the branches. He who remains in me, and I in him, the same bears much fruit, for apart from me you can do nothing.
By this we know that we remain in him and he in us, because he has given us of his Spirit.
Moreover he sprinkled the tabernacle and all the vessels of the ministry in like manner with the blood.
Rising rose up that very hour, they returned to Jerusalem, and found the eleven gathered together, and those who were with them,
After this some Aenianians and Magnesians arose and danced under arms the so-called carpaea.
For, uttering great swelling words of emptiness, they entice in the lusts of the flesh, by licentiousness, those who are indeed escaping from those who live in error;
If I testify about myself, my witness is not valid.
LEO, SON OF EURYCRATIDAS
He who sat on the cloud thrust his sickle on the earth, and the earth was reaped.
From Miletus he sent to Ephesus, and called to himself the elders of the assembly.
Which of you, by being anxious, can add one cubit to the measure of his life?
But if any of you lacks wisdom, let him ask of God, who gives to all liberally and without reproach; and it will be given to him.
Do you look at things only as they appear in front of your face? If anyone trusts in himself that he is Christ's, let him consider this again with himself, that, even as he is Christ's, so also we are Christ's.
When therefore I have accomplished this, and have sealed to them this fruit, I will go on by way of you to Spain.
They both ran together. The other disciple outran Peter, and came to the tomb first.
Which you have prepared before the face of all peoples;
When the seven loaves fed the four thousand, how many baskets full of broken pieces did you take up? They told him, Seven.
For it isn't the hearers of the law who are righteous before God, but the doers of the law will be justified
They said, Why do we need any more witness? For we ourselves have heard from his own mouth!
that the man of God may be complete, thoroughly equipped for every good work.
The scythe-bearing chariots also won extraordinary distinction, so that this military device also has been retained even to our day by each successive king.
Paul stood in the midst of the Areopagus, and said, You men of Athens, I perceive that you are very religious in all things.
They worship Aphrodite in her full armour, and the statues of all the gods, both female and male, they make with spear in hand to indicate that all the gods have the valour which war demands.
For if we discerned ourselves, we wouldn't be judged.
the lord of that servant will come in a day when he doesn't expect it, and in an hour when he doesn't know it,
But we speak God's wisdom in a mystery, the wisdom that has been hidden, which God foreordained before the worlds to our glory,
Don't you know that those who run in a race all run, but one receives the prize? Run like that, that you may win.
Now those that understood him accurately did not fail to see that he was playing the Cretan against Cretans; but those who listened to him, and gave back the plate, were cheated.
and they came and begged them. When they had brought them out, they asked them to depart from the city.
For the latter have only a short range because the stones that are used in them are as large as the hand can hold; the Rhodians, however, are versed also in the art of slinging leaden bullets.
But if any has caused sorrow, he has caused sorrow, not to me, but in part (that I not press too heavily) to you all.
He strictly warned him, and immediately sent him out,
Blessed are those who do his commandments, that they may have the right to the tree of life, and may enter in by the gates into the city.
The Romans thought that peace might be made by Tarquinius on the terms that the Gabini considered just.
A CUSTOM OF THE KINGS OF EGYPT
The length required for the ladders was thus obtained, being calculated from the breadth of the brick.
Part 36 Persons in good health quickly lose their strength by taking purgative medicines, or using bad food.
When therefore he heard that he was sick, he stayed two days in the place where he was.
But those who are outside, God judges. Put away the wicked man from among yourselves.
The multitude answered, You have a demon! Who seeks to kill you?
I enjoy being honored by you.
Victory is the end of strategy.
He sent yet another servant, and they also beat him, and treated him shamefully, and sent him away empty.
Having regard for honorable things, not only in the sight of the Lord, but also in the sight of men.
Someone on seeing a painting in which Spartans were depicted being slain by Athenians, kept repeating, Brave, brave Athenians. A Spartan cut in with, Yes, in the picture!
But if he has wronged you at all, or owes you anything, put that to my account.
When all the people and the tax collectors heard this, they declared God to be just, having been baptized with John's baptism.
Part 50 When the brain is attacked with sphacelus, the patients die in three days; or if they escape these, they recover.
He came down to Capernaum, a city of Galilee. He was teaching them on the Sabbath day,
Now I say that Christ has been made a minister of the circumcision for the truth of God, that he might confirm the promises given to the fathers,
If you love me, keep my commandments.
Jesus got up and followed him, as did his disciples.
When the Lord saw her, he had compassion on her, and said to her, Don't cry.
But now he has obtained a more excellent ministry, by so much as he is also the mediator of a better covenant, which has been enacted on better promises.
When Herod the king heard it, he was troubled, and all Jerusalem with him.
who, when they had come down, prayed for them, that they might receive the Holy Spirit;
After the uproar had ceased, Paul sent for the disciples, took leave of them, and departed to go into Macedonia.
Immediately he called them, and they left their father, Zebedee, in the boat with the hired servants, and went after him.
We know, brothers loved by God, that you are chosen,
The Athenian commanders accepted their offers, being themselves fearful that they might not be able to cope with the whole of Lesbos;
He said, The Kingdom of God is as if a man should cast seed on the earth,
For as woman came from man, so a man also comes through a woman; but all things are from God.
Part 29 Women in a state of pregnancy may be purged, if there be any urgent necessity (or, if the humors be in a state of orgasm? ), from the fourth to the seventh month, but less so in the latter case. In the first and last periods it must be avoided.
Part 79 In those cases where there is a sandy sediment in the urine, there is calculus in the bladder (or kidneys).
The true light that enlightens everyone was coming into the world.
Being asked what freeborn boys had best learn, he said, Those things which may help them when they become men.
Immediately his ears were opened, and the impediment of his tongue was loosed, and he spoke clearly.
The Acanthians hold Artachaees a hero, and sacrifice to him, calling upon his name. This they do at the command of an oracle.
I fell to the ground, and heard a voice saying to me, 'Saul, Saul, why do you persecute me? '
that I may not seem as if I desire to terrify you by my letters.
But he turned and rebuked them, You don't know of what kind of spirit you are.
Don't be afraid, daughter of Zion. Behold, your King comes, sitting on a donkey's colt.
As therefore the darnel is gathered up and burned with fire; so will it be at the end of this age.
that I may reveal it as I ought to speak.
which he poured out on us richly, through Jesus Christ our Savior;
You have heard the blasphemy! What do you think? They all condemned him to be worthy of death.
Certain also of the Asiarchs, being his friends, sent to him and begged him not to venture into the theater.
Peter said, Look, we have left everything, and followed you.
Coming upon a schoolroom, he asked for a book of the Iliad, and when the teacher said thathe had nothing of Homer’s, Alcibiades hit him a blow with his fist and passed on.
To endorse my plea I now call Eubulus as a representative of the statesmen and all honourable citizens, and Phocion as a representative of the generals, preeminent also among us all as a man of upright character. From among my friends and associates I call Nausicles, and all the others with whom I have associated and whose pursuits I have shared. My speech is finished. This my body I, and the law, now commit to your hands.
He bade the Athenians remove Aegina, that sore on the eye of the Piraeus.
If indeed they had been thinking of that country from which they went out, they would have had enough time to return.
Samnite History
They therefore were asking him, How were your eyes opened?
For this Hagar is Mount Sinai in Arabia, and answers to the Jerusalem that exists now, for she is in bondage with her children.
So they took Jesus' body, and bound it in linen cloths with the spices, as the custom of the Jews is to bury.
Τhe night came terribly upon them both.
Finally, brothers, pray for us, that the word of the Lord may spread rapidly and be glorified, even as also with you;
The next Sabbath almost the whole city was gathered together to hear the word of God.
He brought him to Jesus. Jesus looked at him, and said, You are Simon the son of Jonah. You shall be called Cephas (which is by interpretation, Peter).
Mary doesn't like Tom.
He went out, bearing his cross, to the place called The Place of a Skull, which is called in Hebrew, Golgotha,
To Ares
To Aphrodite
and that you be renewed in the spirit of your mind,
When they sought to seize him, they feared the multitudes, because they considered him to be a prophet.
He also spoke a parable to them that they must always pray, and not give up,
As they were trying to kill him, news came up to the commanding officer of the regiment that all Jerusalem was in an uproar.
We always give thanks to God for all of you, mentioning you in our prayers,
As they went to tell his disciples, behold, Jesus met them, saying, Rejoice!They came and took hold of his feet, and worshiped him.
Brasidas meanwhile had advanced to relieve Torone, and had only about four miles more to go when he heard of its fall on the road, and turned back again.
Having spent some time there, he departed, and went through the region of Galatia, and Phrygia, in order, establishing all the disciples.
The testimony is this, that God gave to us eternal life, and this life is in his Son.
So from that day forward they took counsel that they might put him to death.
An assembly was convoked, and the rival advocates appeared: the Corcyraeans spoke as follows:
I could not persuade the Titans.
The book of the generation of Jesus Christ, the son of David, the son of Abraham.
Next they enslaved Scyros the island in the Aegean, containing a Dolopian population, and colonized it themselves.
However, he was not so fortunate as to die in this way, but was taken away, still living, and crucified like a robber.
Claudius Lysias to the most excellent governor Felix: Greetings.
But some of the Pharisees said to them, Why do you do that which is not lawful to do on the Sabbath day?
Part 13 Persons in whom a crisis takes place pass the night preced-ing the paroxysm uncomfortably, but the succeeding night generally more comfortably.
Whatever is sold in the butcher shop, eat, asking no question for the sake of conscience,
but chiefly those who walk after the flesh in the lust of defilement, and despise authority. Daring, self-willed, they are not afraid to speak evil of dignitaries;
It was also said, 'Whoever shall put away his wife, let him give her a writing of divorce, '
I charge you therefore before God and the Lord Jesus Christ, who will judge the living and the dead at His appearing and His kingdom:
Teres, the father of Sitalces, used to say that whenever he had nothing to do and was not in the field with his army he felt that there was no difference between himself and his grooms.
At sight of him the multitude, although it was a mixed rabble and prepared to raise a disturbance, was struck with awe, and awaited the issue in decorous silence.
All his acquaintances, and the women who followed with him from Galilee, stood at a distance, watching these things.
ARCHELAUS
He who has an ear, let him hear what the Spirit says to the assemblies. He who overcomes won't be harmed by the second death.
Neither be afraid nor let fly an evil word.
if we are examined today concerning a good deed done to a crippled man, by what means this man has been healed,
At that time Moses was born, and was exceedingly handsome. He was nourished three months in his father's house.
When the south wind blew softly, supposing that they had obtained their purpose, they weighed anchor and sailed along Crete, close to shore.
The Scripture was fulfilled, which says, He was numbered with transgressors.
Pilate therefore said to him, Aren't you speaking to me? Don't you know that I have power to release you, and have power to crucify you?
The sergeants reported these words to the magistrates, and they were afraid when they heard that they were Romans,
Who could have been found better in action than this man?
As has been said, however, these betrayers made their preparations, and then, opening by night the gates that lead to the Thracian Square, as it is called, let in the Athenian army and Alcibiades.
ARISTOTLE
Hail, lord, son of Zeus' Give me success and prosperity.
War is the father of all.
The Jews therefore said, Will he kill himself, that he says, 'Where I am going, you can't come? '
But the Pharisees and the lawyers rejected the counsel of God, not being baptized by him themselves.
But the multitude of the city was divided. Part sided with the Jews, and part with the apostles.
I thank my God always, making mention of you in my prayers,
The Plataean envoys went to Athens, and consulted with the Athenians, and returned with the following message to those in the city:
For it is sanctified through the word of God and prayer.
and last of all, as to the child born at the wrong time, he appeared to me also.
When the soldiers addressed him as Eagle, he said, Why not an eagle, when I am borne aloft on the swift wings of your weapons ?
Passing along by the sea of Galilee, he saw Simon and Andrew the brother of Simon casting a net in the sea, for they were fishermen.
This is eternal life, that they should know you, the only true God, and him whom you sent, Jesus Christ.
EUBOEDAS
Outside are the dogs, the sorcerers, the sexually immoral, the murderers, the idolaters, and everyone who loves and practices falsehood.
Wasn't Abraham our father justified by works, in that he offered up Isaac his son on the altar?
Aiming at great souls, you would not miss.
They didn't understand the saying which he spoke to them.
Now, since no one could tell whither Pompey was fleeing, and all were in great perplexity, Caesar took a long walk with Brutus alone, and sounded him on the subject.
The next winter the Lacedaemonians managed to elude the vigilance of the Athenians, and sent in a garrison of three hundred men to Epidaurus, under the command of Agesippidas.
Part 54 When the mouth of the uterus is hard, it is also necessarily shut.
The evil spirit answered, Jesus I know, and Paul I know, but who are you?
He used to say that those of the orators who are given to violent vociferation rely on noise to carry them through because of weakness, just as lame men mount horses.
PAULUS AEMILIUS
I didn't know him, but for this reason I came baptizing in water: that he would be revealed to Israel.
to the intent that now through the assembly the manifold wisdom of God might be made known to the principalities and the powers in the heavenly places,
But Jesus, when he heard the message spoken, immediately said to the ruler of the synagogue, Don't be afraid, only believe.
If you do good to those who do good to you, what credit is that to you? For even sinners do the same.
We, being Jews by nature, and not Gentile sinners,
I will accordingly now relate the differences that arose after the ten years' war, the breach of the treaty, and the hostilities that followed.
He who believes in him is not judged. He who doesn't believe has been judged already, because he has not believed in the name of the only born Son of God.
Chorus Ah me! how I lament that aged father, that mother too that bore his children in vain. Look! look!A tempest rocks the house; the roof is falling with it.
you also helping together on our behalf by your supplication; that, for the gift bestowed on us by means of many, thanks may be given by many persons on your behalf.
You have heard that it was said, 'You shall not commit adultery; '
What do you see?
(the Lord grant to him to find the Lord's mercy in that day); and in how many things he served at Ephesus, you know very well.
Again, do you think that we are excusing ourselves to you? In the sight of God we speak in Christ. But all things, beloved, are for your edifying.
God, who knows the heart, testified about them, giving them the Holy Spirit, just like he did to us.
not lagging in diligence; fervent in spirit; serving the Lord;
Venesection cures dysuria; open the internal veins of the arm.
For I testify about him, that he has great zeal for you, and for those in Laodicea, and for those in Hierapolis.
The lamp of the body is the eye. If therefore your eye is sound, your whole body will be full of light.
But if we say, 'From men, ' all the people will stone us, for they are persuaded that John was a prophet.
to whom we gave no place in the way of subjection, not for an hour, that the truth of the gospel might continue with you.
In his teaching he said to them, Beware of the scribes, who like to walk in long robes, and to get greetings in the marketplaces,
and brought his head on a platter, and gave it to the young lady; and the young lady gave it to her mother.
What remains in diseases after the crisis is apt to produce relapses.
For he would not injure me at all; for he would not even be able to.
TELECLUS
Therefore concerning the eating of things sacrificed to idols, we know that no idol is anything in the world, and that there is no other God but one.
Being defamed, we entreat. We are made as the filth of the world, the dirt wiped off by all, even until now.
But now complete the doing also, that as there was the readiness to be willing, so there may be the completion also out of your ability.
Many rebuked him, that he should be quiet, but he cried out much more, You son of David, have mercy on me!
They came to Jerusalem, and Jesus entered into the temple, and began to throw out those who sold and those who bought in the temple, and overthrew the tables of the money-changers, and the seats of those who sold the doves.
No one can come to me unless the Father who sent me draws him, and I will raise him up in the last day.
Here he has authority from the chief priests to bind all who call on your name.
It was this, with Potidaea, that most exhausted her revenues
All flesh is not the same flesh, but there is one flesh of men, another flesh of animals, another of fish, and another of birds.
As is the one made of dust, such are those who are also made of dust; and as is the heavenly, such are they also that are heavenly.
He will be great, and will be called the Son of the Most High. The Lord God will give him the throne of his father, David,
They laid hands on them, and put them in custody until the next day, for it was now evening.
Peter took him aside, and began to rebuke him, saying, Far be it from you, Lord! This will never be done to you.
All who heard them laid them up in their heart, saying, What then will this child be? The hand of the Lord was with him.
If I don't do the works of my Father, don't believe me.
ANTIGONUS
To Artemis
so that your merciful deeds may be in secret, then your Father who sees in secret will reward you openly.
This, then, is what Poseidonius says in defence of Perseus.
A certain one of them struck the servant of the high priest, and cut off his right ear.
A certain woman, who had an issue of blood for twelve years,
They will never be hungry, neither thirsty any more; neither will the sun beat on them, nor any heat;
John answered, A man can receive nothing, unless it has been given him from heaven.
Paul's Second Letter to the Thessalonians
who, existing in the form of God, didn't consider it robbery to be equal with God,
Death, where is your sting? Hades, where is your victory?
What shall we say then? Shall we continue in sin, that grace may abound?
When someone inquired of him how they could become able to conquer the Thracians, he said, If we should make the best man our general.
On that day, when evening had come, he said to them, Let's go over to the other side.
But presently the centre drove back their opponents with great slaughter, and it appeared that Brutus was completely victorious, as Cassius was completely defeated.
Behold, we are going up to Jerusalem, and the Son of Man will be delivered to the chief priests and scribes, and they will condemn him to death,
No one was able to answer him a word, neither dared any man from that day forth ask him any more questions.
for Demas left me, having loved this present world, and went to Thessalonica; Crescens to Galatia, and Titus to Dalmatia.
For everyone who lives on milk is not experienced in the word of righteousness, for he is a baby.
When they had taken security from Jason and the rest, they let them go.
He answered them, He who sows the good seed is the Son of Man,
When he had said these words, the Jews departed, having a great dispute among themselves. Paul stayed two whole years in his own rented house, and received all who went in to him,
My children, let us rise.
Ariaios will at once withdraw, so that not a friend will be left us.
This was followed by a war against Carystus, in which the rest of Euboea remained neutral, and which was ended by surrender on conditions.
Two of the Syracusan vessels went too near in the excitement of victory and were destroyed, one of them being taken with its crew.
But Philip was found at Azotus. Passing through, he preached the gospel to all the cities, until he came to Caesarea.
That which is born of the flesh is flesh. That which is born of the Spirit is spirit.
DEMARATUS
He must increase, but I must decrease.
Do all things without murmurings and disputes,
to enroll himself with Mary, who was pledged to be married to him as wife, being great with child.
Part 15 In confirmed diarrhoea, vomiting, when it comes on spontaneously, removes the diarrhoea.
They were all filled with wrath in the synagogue, as they heard these things.
GALBA
Where are you going, boy?
You fathers, don't provoke your children to wrath, but nurture them in the discipline and instruction of the Lord.
Because of this, he must offer sacrifices for sins for the people, as well as for himself.
Part 34 Persons who have become bald are not subject to large varices; but should varices supervene upon persons who are bald, their hair again grows thick.
Then he will answer them, saying, 'Most assuredly I tell you, inasmuch as you didn't do it to one of the least of these, you didn't do it to me. '
The origin of their enmity against the Argives was this.
For if we are beside ourselves, it is for God. Or if we are of sober mind, it is for you.
And be kind to one another, tenderhearted, forgiving each other, just as God also in Christ forgave you.
There were also women watching from afar, among whom were both Mary Magdalene, and Mary the mother of James the less and of Joses, and Salome;
If I fought with animals at Ephesus for human purposes, what does it profit me? If the dead are not raised, then let us eat and drink, for tomorrow we die.
Meanwhile they begged the Boeotians to place Panactum in her hands in order that she might, if possible, obtain Pylos in exchange for it, and so be more in a position to resume hostilities with Athens.
When it was day, he called his disciples, and from them he chose twelve, whom he also named apostles:
But if anyone loves God, the same is known by him.
to do whatever your hand and your council foreordained to happen.
and that he may send Christ Jesus, who was ordained for you before,
In answer to the Athenian who called the Spartans unlearned, he said, At any rate we are the only people who have learned no evil from you.
Chorus Alas! Messenger Ah weep! for here is cause for weeping.
But Love wanted to make a match of his own devising.
Cho. It is thy business, thou author and upheaver of new words, to seek some means of persuasion, so that you shall seem to speak justly.
A voice came out of the sky, You are my beloved Son, in whom I am well pleased.
The natures of all are untaught.
Then there arose a sharp contention, so that they separated from each other. Barnabas took Mark with him, and sailed away to Cyprus,
For no one can lay any other foundation than that which has been laid, which is Jesus Christ.
As for this fellow, everybody cried out that Xenophon had given him fewer blows than he deserved. Then he directed the rest to state the reason why each one of them had been struck.
However, Cassius not only granted him this favour, but also ordered Messala with the most warlike of the legions to take position on the right.
Jesus said to him, Because you have seen me, you have believed. Blessed are those who have not seen, and have believed.
But he seems to have been of a temper naturally averse to graciousness, and, besides, he was ambitious to curb the Syracusans, who were given to excessive license and luxury.
Once on a campaign he slept for an unusually long time, and later, when he arose, he said, I slept safely, for Antipater was awake.
When the governor had read it, he asked what province he was from. When he understood that he was from Cilicia, he said,
Then he sent away the multitudes, got into the boat, and came into the borders of Magdala.
Owe no one anything, except to love one another; for he who loves his neighbor has fulfilled the law.
For I will be merciful to their unrighteousness. I will remember their sins and lawless deeds no more.
These things I have written to you concerning those who would lead you astray.
Greet Philologus and Julia, Nereus and his sister, and Olympas, and all the saints who are with them.
Behold, a man named Joseph, who was a member of the council, a good and righteous man from Arimathaea, a city of the Jews, who was also waiting for the Kingdom of God:
Hail, child of fair-faced Semele! He who forgets you can in no wise order sweet song.
Finally, brothers, rejoice. Be perfected, be comforted, be of the same mind, live in peace, and the God of love and peace will be with you.
For the word of the cross is foolishness to those who are dying, but to us who are saved it is the power of God.
Come to me, all you who labor and are heavily burdened, and I will give you rest.
They went out, and fled from the tomb, for trembling and astonishment had come on them. They said nothing to anyone; for they were afraid.
To Philip, I
Chorus Not now for long will those who dwell throughout the length and breadth of Asiaabide under the sway of the Persians, nor will they pay further tribute at the compulsion of their lord, nor will they prostrate themselves to the earth and do him reverence; for the royal power has perished utterly.
But I trust in the Lord that I myself also will come shortly.
according to the foreknowledge of God the Father, in sanctification of the Spirit, that you may obey Jesus Christ and be sprinkled in his blood: Grace to you and peace be multiplied.
The rest of the dead didn't live until the thousand years were finished. This is the first resurrection.
Chorus And he slew that dappled deer with horns of gold, that preyed upon the country-folk, glorifying Artemis, huntress queen of Oenoe.
the mystery which has been hidden for ages and generations. But now it has been revealed to his saints,
Now great multitudes were going with him. He turned and said to them,
Therefore whoever eats this bread or drinks the Lord's cup in an unworthy manner will be guilty of the body and the blood of the Lord.
But all things are of God, who reconciled us to himself through Jesus Christ, and gave to us the ministry of reconciliation;
Now the God of patience and of encouragement grant you to be of the same mind one with another according to Christ Jesus,
Not only was Corinth at length openly hostile, but Perdiccas, son of Alexander, king of the Macedonians, had from an old friend and ally been made an enemy.
because for the sake of the Name they went out, taking nothing from the Gentiles.
But concerning brotherly love, you have no need that one write to you. For you yourselves are taught by God to love one another,
In fact, the public feeling against him did not subside until he had been fined.
They send against me such people, whom you would not justly believe.
On the east were three gates; and on the north three gates; and on the south three gates; and on the west three gates.
where as a forerunner Jesus entered for us, having become a high priest forever after the order of Melchizedek.
For to this end I also wrote, that I might know the proof of you, whether you are obedient in all things.
For whoever does the will of God, the same is my brother, and my sister, and mother.
It is not the giving of the bribe that distresses us but the action of the man who takes it, if it is directed against our interests.
There were more than forty people who had made this conspiracy.
Chorus Obedience to our prince! let us go to array ourselves in armor and tell these ordersto our allies; perhaps the god who is on our side may grant us victory.
If then David calls him Lord, how is he his son?
We have sent with them our brother, whom we have many times proved earnest in many things, but now much more earnest, by reason of the great confidence which he has in you.
They will put you out of the synagogues. Yes, the time comes that whoever kills you will think that he offers service to God.
They were on the way, going up to Jerusalem; and Jesus was going in front of them, and they were amazed; and those who followed were afraid. He again took the twelve, and began to tell them the things that were going to happen to him.
The goal of the practice of medicine is health.
From his fullness we all received grace upon grace.
With these we will fight.
Once in a precipitate retreat his baggage was plundered, and as he ate dry figs and barley-bread he exclaimed, What a pleasure is this which has never been mine before!
But brother goes to law with brother, and that before unbelievers!
It is sown in dishonor; it is raised in glory. It is sown in weakness; it is raised in power.
Therefore that field was called The Field of Blood to this day.
For if, while we were enemies, we were reconciled to God through the death of his Son, much more, being reconciled, we will be saved by his life.
For in your eating each one takes his own supper before others. One is hungry, and another is drunken.
His head was brought on a platter, and given to the young lady: and she brought it to her mother.
He sent them forth to preach the Kingdom of God, and to heal the sick.
The Gospel According to Matthew
Every valley will be filled. Every mountain and hill will be brought low. The crooked will become straight, And the rough ways smooth.
Pilate, wishing to please the multitude, released Barabbas to them, and handed over Jesus, when he had flogged him, to be crucified.
But the Pharisees, when they heard that he had put the Sadducees to silence, gathered themselves together.
Where is the boy?
Tom's house is large.
and others fell on good soil, and yielded fruit: some one hundred times as much, some sixty, and some thirty.
and said to him, Are you he who comes, or should we look for another?
Paedaretus, when someone said that the enemy were many in number, remarked,Then we shall be the more famous, for we shall kill more men.
and what is the exceeding greatness of his power toward us who believe, according to that working of the strength of his might
Labotas, when someone spoke at very great length, said, Why, pray, such a big introduction to a small subject? For proportionate to the topic should be the words you use.
Someone was there.
They, when they heard it, being convicted by their conscience, went out one by one, beginning from the oldest, even to the last. Jesus was left alone with the woman where she was, in the middle.
Greet Mary, who labored much for us.
What then? Are we better than they? No, in no way. For we previously charged both Jews and Greeks, that they are all under sin.
Don't you remember that, when I was still with you, I told you these things?
about righteousness, because I am going to my Father, and you won't see me any more;
Then he poured water into the basin, and began to wash the disciples' feet, and to wipe them with the towel that was wrapped around him.
The high priest stood up in the midst, and asked Jesus, Have you no answer? What is it which these testify against you?
But into whatever city you enter, and they don't receive you, go out into the streets of it and say,
They don't trust him.
saying, The scribes and the Pharisees sat on Moses' seat.
Fearing that we would run aground on rocky ground, they let go four anchors from the stern, and wished for daylight.
in the high priesthood of Annas and Caiaphas, the word of God came to John, the son of Zacharias, in the wilderness.
being filled with all unrighteousness, sexual immorality, wickedness, covetousness, maliciousness; full of envy, murder, strife, deceit, evil habits, secret slanderers,
Part 9 Delirium or convulsion from a flow of blood is bad.
Where is the woman?
Pray, of what land or lineage should I rightly call you?
Chapter 7. BION (third century B. C. )
Now they have known that all things whatever you have given me are from you,
He said to them, Wherever you enter into a house, stay there until you depart from there.
Joseph arose from his sleep, and did as the angel of the Lord commanded him, and took his wife to himself;
saying, 'This man began to build, and wasn't able to finish. '
For no prophecy ever came by the will of man: but holy men of God spoke, being moved by the Holy Spirit.
They related the things that happened along the way, and how he was recognized by them in the breaking of the bread.
How was I, one who wasn't there, to do you any harm?
There came to him a leper, begging him, kneeling down to him, and saying to him, If you want to, you can make me clean.
The tempter came and said to him, If you are the Son of God, command that these stones become bread.
These eels the mercenary soldiers on both sides, when they had leisure or a truce was on, used to hunt together.
Jesus looked around, and said to his disciples, How difficult it is for those who have riches to enter into the Kingdom of God!
Then out of the smoke came forth locusts on the earth, and power was given to them, as the scorpions of the earth have power.
He did not adopt the view.
I rejoice at the coming of Stephanas, Fortunatus, and Achaicus; for that which was lacking on your part, they supplied.
Haven't you even read this Scripture: 'The stone which the builders rejected, The same was made the head of the corner.
What is it that having one voice becomes four-legged and two-legged and three-legged?
They sent their disciples to him, along with the Herodians, saying, Teacher, we know that you are honest, and teach the way of God in truth, no matter who you teach, for you aren't partial to anyone.
with all lowliness and humility, with longsuffering, bearing with one another in love;
Therefore, when they had come together, they asked him, Lord, are you now restoring the kingdom to Israel?
That is our best chance of establishing a panic among them, as a fresh assailant has always more terrors for an enemy than the one he is immediately engaged with.
For those who sleep, sleep in the night, and those who are drunken are drunken in the night.
Now when they heard these things, they were cut to the heart, and they gnashed at him with their teeth.
He that is not with me is against me. He who doesn't gather with me scatters.
About three hours later, his wife, not knowing what had happened, came in.
But as many as received him, to them he gave the right to become God's children, to those who believe in his name:
James the son of Zebedee; John, the brother of James, and he surnamed them Boanerges, which means, Sons of Thunder;
For this they willfully forget, that there were heavens from of old, and an earth formed out of water and amid water, by the word of God;
that I have great sorrow and unceasing pain in my heart.
But when the blade sprang up and brought forth fruit, then the darnel appeared also.
Then his lord called him in, and said to him, 'You wicked servant! I forgave you all that debt, because you begged me.
longing to see you, remembering your tears, that I may be filled with joy;
This is his commandment, that we should believe in the name of his Son, Jesus Christ, and love one another, even as he commanded.
Yet if because of food your brother is grieved, you walk no longer in love. Don't destroy with your food him for whom Christ died.
‘And how, pray, could it turn out as good for us to serve as for you to rule? ’
For consider him who has endured such contradiction of sinners against himself, that you don't grow weary, fainting in your souls.
They were also bringing their babies to him, that he might touch them. But when the disciples saw it, they rebuked them.
He came alone on an embassy to Philip, and when Philip exclaimed, What is this? Have you come all alone? , he said, Yes, for I came to only one man.
Convulsion upon severe purging is mortal.
DEMETRIUS
The Aeginetans, who were enjoying great prosperity and remembered their old feud with Athens, accordingly made war on the Athenians at the entreaty of the Thebans without sending a herald.
Now this, He ascended, what is it but that he also first descended into the lower parts of the earth?
Persons who are benefited by venesection or purging, should be bled or purged in spring.
to which he called you through our gospel, for the obtaining of the glory of our Lord Jesus Christ.
Chorus Yet the insidious guile of god what mortal man can escape it? Who with agile foot can lightlyoverleap and escape its toils?
who were born not of blood, nor of the will of the flesh, nor of the will of man, but of God.
Those who were sent, returning to the house, found that the servant who had been sick was well.
Simon answered, He, I suppose, to whom he forgave the most. He said to him, You have judged correctly.
Amphitryon O king, whose home is that olive-clad hill! Theseus Why this piteous prelude in addressing me?
Now the feast of unleavened bread, which is called the Passover, drew near.
Then Cassius, elated, said: But what Roman will consent to have thee die in such defence?
for she said within herself, If I just touch his garment, I will be made well.
Neither let us test the Lord, as some of them tested, and perished by the serpents.
Therefore let us keep the feast, not with old yeast, neither with the yeast of malice and wickedness, but with the unleavened bread of sincerity and truth.
Whoever remains in him doesn't sin. Whoever sins hasn't seen him, neither knows him.
About the same time Panactum, a fortress on the Athenian border, was taken by treachery by the Boeotians.
He touched her hand, and the fever left her. She got up and served him.
So when the Lacedaemonians had besiegedSamosfor forty days with no success, they went away to thePeloponnesus .
When therefore Pilate heard this saying, he was more afraid.
They immediately left their nets and followed him.
The kitchen is large.
Be no longer a drinker of water only, but use a little wine for your stomach's sake and your frequent infirmities.
PROTAGORAS
When it is possible to have peace, he chooses war.
who was delivered up for our trespasses, and was raised for our justification.
Fear came on all who lived around them, and all these sayings were talked about throughout all the hill country of Judea.
For you know the grace of our Lord Jesus Christ, that, though he was rich, yet for your sakes he became poor, that you through his poverty might become rich.
But she came and worshiped him, saying, Lord, help me.
But if you will only act, we will stand by you; it would be unnatural for us to change, and never should we meet with such a congenial ally.
who gave himself for us, that he might redeem us from all iniquity, and purify for himself a people for his own possession, zealous for good works.
For neither was there among them any who lacked, for as many as were owners of lands or houses sold them, and brought the prices of the things that were sold,
May it only depend on that!
Phrygia, Pamphylia, Egypt, the parts of Libya around Cyrene, visitors from Rome, both Jews and proselytes,
Again, if we are to attempt an insurrection of their allies, these will have to be supported with a fleet, most of them being islanders.
who having found one pearl of great price, he went and sold all that he had, and bought it.
in the day when God will judge the secrets of men, according to my gospel, by Jesus Christ.
One of them, a prophet of their own, said, Cretans are always liars, evil beasts, and idle gluttons.
Don't worry.
Nothing endures but change.
Their bodies they spend ungrudgingly in their country's cause; their intellect they jealously husband to be employed in her service.
Part 16 A humid regimen is befitting in all febrile diseases, and particularly in children, and others accustomed to live on such a diet.
Seeing then that these things can't be denied, you ought to be quiet, and to do nothing rash.
that the creation itself also will be delivered from the bondage of decay into the liberty of the glory of the children of God.
When she had watched Aristagoras having his shoes put on and laced by one of the servants, she said, Father, the foreigner hasn’t any hands!
Part 29 A woman does not take the gout, unless her menses be stopped.
SECTION VI Part 1 In cases of chronic lientery, acid eructations supervening when there were none previously, is a good symptom.
Demosthenes, bitter sycophant that he is, by the cleverness of his words distorted the fact and showed it in a bad light.
For behold, the days are coming in which they will say, 'Blessed are the barren, the wombs that never bore, and the breasts that never nursed. '
yet after his return to Syracuse, he at once laid aside the sole command and begged the citizens to excuse him from it, now that matters had reached the happiest conclusion.
In the same way also there are good works that are obvious, and those that are otherwise can't be hidden.
Jesus, having found a young donkey, sat on it. As it is written,
There were many lepers in Israel in the time of Elisha the prophet, yet not one of them was cleansed, except Naaman, the Syrian.
How should I find death?
for this cause, brothers, we were comforted over you in all our distress and affliction through your faith.
Running under the lee of a small island called Clauda, we were able, with difficulty, to secure the boat.
Chorus Do you hear her cries within the house?
I have a friend.
He said, I am the voice of one crying in the wilderness, 'Make straight the way of the Lord, ' as Isaiah the prophet said.
On that day Sadducees (those who say that there is no resurrection) came to him. They asked him,
Have no fellowship with the unfruitful works of darkness, but rather even reprove them.
It's like a grain of mustard seed, which, when it is sown in the earth, though it is less than all the seeds that are on the earth,
Therefore watch, remembering that for a period of three years I didn't cease to admonish everyone night and day with tears.
I had many things to write to you, but I am unwilling to write to you with ink and pen;
GAIUS CAESAR
who, when they had examined me, desired to set me free, because there was no cause of death in me.
Some of the scribes answered, Teacher, you speak well.
For your obedience has become known to all. I rejoice therefore over you. But I desire to have you wise in that which is good, but innocent in that which is evil.
whereas successes in war, even though they had to be shared with no man, must at least be shared with fortune.
He said, I have observed all these things from my youth up.
He dealt in a similar way with the Euboeans of Sicily, making the same distinction. The reason for his treating the people of both places in this way was that he held the common people to be exceedingly disagreeable to live with.
Behold, I tell you a mystery. We will not all sleep, but we will all be changed,
With whom was he displeased forty years? Wasn't it with those who sinned, whose bodies fell in the wilderness?
Three days before the ceremony, the bones of the dead are laid out in a tent which has been erected; and their friends bring to their relatives such offerings as they please.
asking a favor against him, that he would send for him to Jerusalem; plotting to kill him on the way.
She, being prompted by her mother, said, Give me here on a platter the head of John the Baptizer.
You have an anointing from the Holy One, and you know the truth.
Chorus chanting Alack, alack! a cruel blow is this to thee,but thou must yet witness, poor wretch, the full horror of this deed. Iphis A more unhappy wretch than me ye could not find.
David himself says in the book of Psalms, 'The Lord said to my Lord, Sit at my right hand,
If Christ is in you, the body is dead because of sin, but the spirit is alive because of righteousness.
and in a vision he has seen a man named Ananias coming in, and laying his hands on him, that he might receive his sight.
The rest of the army returning with Clearidas from the pursuit stripped the dead and set up a trophy.
By their fruits you will know them. Do you gather grapes from thorns, or figs from thistles?
who was declared to be the Son of God with power, according to the Spirit of holiness, by the resurrection from the dead, Jesus Christ our Lord,
Part 68 When a person is pained in the back part of the head, he is benefited by having the straight vein in the forehead opened.
and God chose the lowly things of the world, and the things that are despised, and the things that are not, that he might bring to nothing the things that are:
Look here.
of whom is Hymenaeus and Alexander; whom I delivered to Satan, that they might be taught not to blaspheme.
In trying to stimulate the officials to administer sharp rebuke to the erring, he used to say that, if those who have the power to discourage crime do not discourage it, then they encourage it.
I know that you always listen to me, but because of the multitude that stands around I said this, that they may believe that you sent me.
One of the elders answered, saying to me, These who are arrayed in white robes, who are they, and where did they come from?
This also is the reason why they do not grow bald; for nowhere can one see so few bald heads as inEgypt .
For when one says, I follow Paul, and another, I follow Apollos, aren't you fleshly?
Speaking frankly about himself, he said that he had attained every office sooner than he had expected, and laid it down sooner than had been expected. 15.
and that we may be delivered from unreasonable and evil men; for not all have faith.
Diceopolis is Athenian.
bless those who curse you, and pray for those who insult you.
Bring the cloak that I left at Troas with Carpus when you come, and the books, especially the parchments.
Part 21 Those things which require to be evacuated should be evacuated, wherever they most tend, by the proper outlets.
Then those who gladly received his word were baptized. There were added that day about three thousand souls.
He said therefore, A certain nobleman went into a far country to receive for himself a kingdom, and to return.
Afterward Jesus found him in the temple, and said to him, Behold, you are made well. Sin no more, so that nothing worse happens to you.
It happened that he was going on the Sabbath day through the grain fields, and his disciples began, as they went, to pluck the ears of grain.
Being moved with compassion, he stretched out his hand, and touched him, and said to him, I want to. Be made clean.
He ordered them to leave the bodies of the Cimbri intact till daylight because he believed they were adorned with gold.
and the exiled Boeotians returned, and with all the rest regained their independence.
Neither, because they are Abraham's seed, are they all children. But, In Isaac will your seed be called.
Greet the brothers who are in Laodicea, and Nymphas, and the assembly that is in his house.
Finally, the storm still assailing them, and the Greeks having overthrown their first rank of four hundred men, the main body was put to flight.
Why, again, did I choose to summon witnesses for my wicked act, when it was open to me, if I was thus criminally intent on his destruction, to have none of them privy to it?
All this region was once called Gallaic, but it is now called Briantic; however, by rights it also belongs to the Ciconians.
Part 78 Upon sphacelus exfoliation of the bone.
The commanding officer came and asked him, Tell me, are you a Roman? He said, Yes.
He said to them, How then does David in the Spirit call him Lord, saying,
He himself, however, assembled the soldiers of Cassius and comforted them; and seeing that they were deprived of all the necessaries of life, he promised them two thousand drachmas the man, to make good what they had lost.
In this way God, being determined to show more abundantly to the heirs of the promise the immutability of his counsel, interposed with an oath;
PART 36XXXVI. Milk and blood are what is left over from nutriment.
For if we have become united with him in the likeness of his death, we will also be part of his resurrection;
If you had known me, you would have known my Father also. From now on, you know him, and have seen him.
whether Paul, or Apollos, or Cephas, or the world, or life, or death, or things present, or things to come. All are yours,
For what does the Scripture say? Abraham believed God, and it was accounted to him for righteousness.
Therefore let them also who suffer according to the will of God in doing good entrust their souls to him, as to a faithful Creator.
When therefore they had rowed about twenty-five or thirty stadia, they saw Jesus walking on the sea, and drawing near to the boat; and they were afraid.
looking carefully lest there be any man who falls short of the grace of God; lest any root of bitterness springing up trouble you, and thereby the many be defiled;
I said, 'Lord, they themselves know that I imprisoned and beat in every synagogue those who believed in you.
I don't receive glory from men.
Moses has given you circumcision (not that it is of Moses, but of the fathers), and on the Sabbath you circumcise a boy.
The Argives accordingly prepared to receive into alliance any of the Hellenes that desired it.
Now if Christ is preached, that he has been raised from the dead, how do some among you say that there is no resurrection of the dead?
Jesus answered her, Everyone who drinks of this water will thirst again,
For through him we both have our access in one Spirit to the Father.
Jesus spoke these words in the treasury, as he taught in the temple. Yet no one arrested him, because his hour had not yet come.
Now the sovereign power that belonged to the descendants of Heracles fell to the family of Croesus, called the Mermnadae, in the following way.
In answer to a base man who asked repeatedly who was the best Spartan, he said, The one most unlike you.
Stooping and looking in, he saw the linen cloths lying, yet he didn't enter in.
but now you also put them all away: anger, wrath, malice, slander, and shameful speaking out of your mouth.
Servants, be in subjection to your masters with all fear; not only to the good and gentle, but also to the wicked.
Greet one another with a holy kiss. All the saints greet you.
For we know that if the earthly house of our tent is dissolved, we have a building from God, a house not made with hands, eternal, in the heavens.
I therefore, the prisoner in the Lord, beg you to walk worthily of the calling with which you were called,
Jesus said to the centurion, Go your way. Let it be done for you as you as you have believed. His servant was healed in that hour.
So Jesus said, Do you also still not understand?
Some of them who stood there, when they heard it, said, This man is calling Elijah.
Many of them therefore believed; also of the Greek women of honorable estate, and not a few men.
Now when I came to Troas for the gospel of Christ, and when a door was opened to me in the Lord,
So he said. And Aidoneus, ruler over the dead, smiled grimly and obeyed the behest of Zeus the king. For he straightway urged wise Persephone, saying:
For which is easier, to say, 'Your sins are forgiven; ' or to say, 'Get up, and walk? '
Pilate said to him, What is truth? When he had said this, he went out again to the Jews, and said to them, I find no basis for a charge against him.
This is the bread which comes down out of heaven, that anyone may eat of it and not die.
He commanded them that everyone should sit down in groups on the green grass.
For finding fault with them, he said, Behold, the days come, says the Lord, That I will make a new covenant with the house of Israel and with the house of Judah;
In doing that I was gaining nothing and was bringing myself into danger.
Therefore I tell you, every sin and blasphemy will be forgiven men, but the blasphemy against the Spirit will not be forgiven men.
When a garrulous barber asked him, How shall I cut your hair ? he said, In silence.
Discovering this the Peloponnesians twisted up clay in wattles of reed and threw it into the breach formed in the mound, in order to give it consistency and prevent its being carried away like the soil.
For if a man with a gold ring, in fine clothing, comes into your assembly, and a poor man in filthy clothing also comes in;
BOOK X
Part 33 In every disease it is a good sign when the patient's intellect is sound, and he is disposed to take whatever food is offered to him; but the contrary is bad.
Apology
For I tell you, among those who are born of women there is not a greater prophet than John the Baptizer, yet he who is least in the Kingdom of God is greater than he.
Moses indeed was faithful in all his house as a servant, for a testimony of those things which were afterward to be spoken,
Having explained everything to them, he sent them to Joppa.
When they saw him, they bowed down to him, but some doubted.
When a man from Megara used frank speechtowards him in the general council, he said, Your words need a country to back them.
Chorus On all our citizens hath come this universal sorrow, unforeseen. Now shall the copious tear gush forth, for sad news about great men takes more than usual hold upon the heart.
But he who did his neighbor wrong pushed him away, saying, 'Who made you a ruler and a judge over us?
Quickly, then, were the Syracusans aware of the mischief, but slowly and with difficulty did they rally to oppose it, so utterly distracted were they.
May the Lord direct your hearts into the love of God, and into the patience of Christ.
Don't forget to show hospitality to strangers, for in doing so, some have entertained angels without knowing it.
He died for all, that those who live should no longer live to themselves, but to him who for their sakes died and rose again.
There came a man, sent from God, whose name was John.
They begged him that he would not command them to go into the abyss.
But as then, he who was born according to the flesh persecuted him who was born according to the Spirit, so also it is now.
Behold, men brought a paralyzed man on a cot, and they sought to bring him in to lay before Jesus.
Now I desire to remind you, though you already know this, that the Lord, having saved a people out of the land of Egypt, afterward destroyed those who didn't believe.
He said, For this cause have I said to you that no one can come to me, unless it is given to him by my Father.
The sea is a road, because it leads to the islands.
By faith, Moses, when he had grown up, refused to be called the son of Pharaoh's daughter,
You ask, and don't receive, because you ask amiss, so that you may spend it for your pleasures.
so that no one should say that I had baptized you into my own name.
I came out from the Father, and have come into the world. Again, I leave the world, and go to the Father.
Hail, Hermes, giver of grace, guide, and giver of good things!
Blessed is the man who endures temptation, for when he has been approved, he will receive the crown of life, which the Lord promised to those who love him.
to Timothy, my true child in faith: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God our Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
Meanwhile the Athenians in the hundred ships, upon seeing the Lacedaemonians go home, went home likewise.
or, 'Who will descend into the abyss? ' (that is, to bring Christ up from the dead. )
When someone inquired for what reason the Spartans drank so little, he said, So that others may not deliberate over us, but we over others.
Chorus And the warlike flower of Arabia, which hold the high-cragged citadel near the Caucasus, a hostile host that roars among the sharp-pointed spears.
I tell you, in that night there will be two people in one bed. The one will be taken, and the other will be left.
Out of the same mouth comes forth blessing and cursing. My brothers, these things ought not to be so.
Charillus the king, being asked why Lycurgus enacted so few laws, replied that people who used few words had no need of many laws.
A little while, and you will not see me. Again a little while, and you will see me.
But grief yet more terrible and savage came into the heart of Demeter, and thereafter she was so angered with the dark-clouded Son of Cronos that she avoided the gathering of the gods and high Olympus, and went to the towns and rich fields of men, disfiguring her form a long while. And no one of menor deep-bosomed women knew her when they saw her, until she came to the house of wise Celeus who then was lord of fragrant Eleusis. Vexed in her dear heart, she sat near the wayside by the Maiden Well, from which the women of the place were used to draw water, in a shady place over which grew an olive shrub. And she was like an ancient woman who is cut off from childbearing and the gifts of garland-loving Aphrodite, like the nurses of kings' children who deal justice, or like the house-keepers in their echoing halls. There the daughters of Celeus, son of Eleusis, saw her, as they were coming for easy-drawn water, to carry it in pitchers of bronze to their dear father's house: four were they and like goddesses in the flower of their girlhood, Callidice and Cleisidice and lovely Demoand Callithoë who was the eldest of them all. They knew her not, for the gods are not easily discerned by mortals , but standing near by her spoke winged words:
But when you do merciful deeds, don't let your left hand know what your right hand does,
Lifting up their eyes, they saw no one, except Jesus alone.
STRATO
Beloved, don't believe every spirit, but test the spirits, whether they are of God, because many false prophets have gone out into the world.
Let it be otherwise.
Alexander who framed his hopes to gain world dominion.
In answer to the man who sought to know why the Spartans use short daggers in war, he said, Because we fight close to the enemy.
As he was entering into the boat, he who had been possessed by demons begged him that he might be with him.
The weather was stormy and it was snowing a little, which encouraged him to hurry on, in order, if possible, to take every one at Amphipolis by surprise, except the party who were to betray it.
And to proclaim the acceptable year of the Lord.
and that you make it your ambition to lead a quiet life, and to do your own business, and to work with your own hands, even as we charged you;
And in order that he might also converse with his companions as he walked, he dismounted from his horse and led him along.
There were no hostilities, on the part of Otho’s men, but only friendly salutations and greetings, and all took oath to support Vitellius and went over to his side.
and that every tongue should confess that Jesus Christ is Lord, to the glory of God the Father.
He denied Jesus, saying, Woman, I don't know him.
I shall have received justice at your hands.
Then they will see the Son of Man coming in clouds with great power and glory.
But when they deliver you up, don't be anxious how or what you will say, for it will be given you in that hour what you will say.
For those near the sea two effective ruses are, to strike on land while fitting out ships, and to attack by sea while ostensibly planning a land attack.
They asked him, Why then did Moses command us to give her a bill of divorce, and divorce her?
He looked around at them all, and said to him, Stretch out your hand. He did, and his hand was restored as sound as the other.
By examining him yourself you may ascertain all these things of which we accuse him.
Now he who betrayed him had given them a sign, saying, Whoever I will kiss, that is he. Seize him, and lead him away safely.
Now you know what is restraining him, to the end that he may be revealed in his own season.
who was with the proconsul, Sergius Paulus, a man of understanding. The same summoned Barnabas and Saul, and sought to hear the word of God.
When Pompey and Caesar took opposite sides, he said, I know from whom I flee without knowing to whom to flee.
I coveted no one's silver, or gold, or clothing.
Jesus therefore said to those Jews who had believed him, If you remain in my word, then you are truly my disciples.
to Timothy, my beloved child: Grace, mercy, and peace, from God the Father and Christ Jesus our Lord.
Giving up their arms is not the victorsʼ part.
He said to them, The Sabbath was made for man, not man for the Sabbath.
For if that first covenant had been faultless, then no place would have been sought for a second.
Then don't let your good be slandered,
Every priest indeed stands day by day ministering and often offering the same sacrifices, which can never take away sins,
CAMILLUS
On entering the country of Arrhabaeus, they found the Lyncestians encamped awaiting them, and themselves took up a position opposite.
Or else what will they do who are baptized for the dead? If the dead aren't raised at all, why then are they baptized for the dead?
Nevertheless that which you have, hold firmly until I come.
then you no longer allow him to do anything for his father or his mother,
But, as it is written, They will see, to whom no news of him came. They who haven't heard will understand.
having a field, sold it, and brought the money and laid it at the apostles' feet.
Part 48 In every movement of the body, whenever one begins to endure pain, it will be relieved by rest.
then he received him into his arms, and blessed God, and said,
If you think you want to know about other branches of knowledge, I fancy I can show you people who acquit themselves creditably in any one of them.
He used to say that a general ought to be possessed of boldness towards the enemy and kind ness towards the men under him.
but he was rebuked for his own disobedience. A mute donkey spoke with man's voice and stopped the madness of the prophet.
Part 53 Those persons to whom it is beneficial to have blood taken from their veins, should have it done in spring.
When he opened the fourth seal, I heard the fourth living creature saying, Come and see!
Peter said to him, From strangers. Jesus said to him, Therefore the sons are exempt.
Amphitryon Alas!
When it was day, some of the Jews banded together, and bound themselves under a curse, saying that they would neither eat nor drink until they had killed Paul.
For you always have the poor with you, and whenever you want to, you can do them good; but you will not always have me.
I'm not dying.
Being asked what form of instruction was most in vogue in Sparta, he said, Knowledge of how to rule and to be ruled.
who will not receive many times more in this time, and in the world to come, eternal life.
requesting, if by any means now at last I may be prospered by the will of God to come to you.
For it would be better for them not to have known the way of righteousness, than, after knowing it, to turn back from the holy commandment delivered to them.
I must confess this discourse seemed to carry in itsome shadow of reason and probability; but in the main it is directly repugnant to the chief end of nature, to which appetite directs every animal. For that makes it desire a supply of what they stand in need of, and avoid a defect of their proper food. Now to deny that this very thing, which principally distinguishes an animate creature from an inanimate, conduces to the preservation and duration of such a creature, being that which craves and receives those things which the body needs to supply its wants, and, on the contrary, to suppose that such an appetite arises from the transfiguration or the greater or lesser size of the pores, is an absurdity worthy only of such as have no regard at all for Nature. Besides, it is absurd to think that a body through the want of natural heat should be chilled, and should not in like manner hunger and thirst through the want of natural moisture and nourishment. And yet this is more absurd, that Nature when overcharged should desire to disburden herself, and yet should not require to be filled on account of emptiness, but on account of some affection or other, I know not what. Moreover, these needs and supplies in relation to animals have some resemblance to those we see in husbandry. There are a great many like qualities and like provisions on both sides. For in a drought we water our grounds, and in case of excessive heat, we frequently make use of moderate coolers; and when our fruits are too cold, we endeavor to preserve and cherish them, by covering and making fences about them. And for such things as are out of the reach of human power, we implore the assistance of the Gods, that is, to send us softening dews, sunshines qualified with moderate winds; that so Nature, being always desirous of a due mixture, may have her wants supplied. And for this reason I presume it was that nourishment is called τροφή/ (from τηροῦν), because it watches and preserves Nature. Now Nature is preserved in plants, which are destitute ofsense, by the favorable influence of the circumambient air (as Empedocles says), moistening them in such a measure as is most agreeable to their nature. But as for us men, our appetites prompt us on to the chase and pursuance of whatsoever is wanting to our natural temperament. Now let us pass to the examination of the truth of the arguments that seem to favor the contrary opinion. And for the first, I suppose that those meats that are palatable and of a quick and sharp taste do not beget in us an appetite, but rather bite and fret those parts that receive the nourishment, as we find that scratching the skin causes itching. And supposing we should grant that this affection or disposition is the very thing which we call the appetite, it is probable that, by the operation of such kind of food as this, the nourishment may be made small, and so much of it as is convenient for Nature severed from the rest, so that the indigency proceeds not from the transmutation, but front the evacuation and purgation of the passages. For sharp, tart, and salt things grate the inward matter, and by dispersing of it cause digestion, so that by the concoctions of the old there may arise an appetite for new. Nor does the cessation of thirst after a bath spring from the different position of the passages, but from a new supply of moisture received into the flesh, and conveyed from thence to them also. And vomiting, by throwing off whatever is disagreeable to Nature, puts her in a capacity of enjoying what is most suitable for her. For thirst does not call for a superfluity of moisture, but only for so much as sufficeth Nature; and therefore, though a man had plenty of disagreeable and unnatural moisture, yet he wants still, for that stops the course of the natural, which Nature is desirous of, and hinders a due mixture and temperament, till it be cast out and the passages receive what is most proper and convenient for them. Moreover, a fever forces all the moisture downward; and the middle parts beingin a flame, it all retires thither, and there is shut up and forcibly detained. And therefore it is usual with a great many to vomit, by reason of the density of the inward parts squeezing out the moisture, and likewise to thirst, by reason of the poor and dry state the rest of the body is in. But after the violence of the distemper is once abated, and the raging heat hath left the middle parts, the moisture begins to disperse itself again; and according to its natural motion, by a speedy conveyance into all the parts, it refreshes the entrails, softens and makes tender the dry and parched flesh. Very often also it causes sweat, and then the defect which occasioned thirst ceases; for the moisture leaving that part of the body wherein it was forcibly detained, and out of which it hardly made an escape, retires to the place where it is wanted. For as it fares with a garden wherein there is a large well, if nobody draw thereof and water it, the herbs must needs wither and die, so it fares with a body; if all the moisture be contracted into one part, it is no wonder if the rest be in want and dry, till it is diffused again over the other limbs. Just so it happens to persons in a fever, after the heat of the disease is over, and likewise to those who go to sleep thirsty. For in these, sleep draws the moisture out of the middle parts, and equally distributes it amongst the rest, satisfying them all. But, I pray, what kind of transfiguration of the passages is this which causes hunger and thirst? For my part, I know no other distinction of the passages but in respect of their number, or that some of them are shut, others open. As for those that are shut, they can neither receive meat nor drink; and as for those that are open, they make an empty space, which is nothing but a want of that which Nature requires. Thus, sir, when men dye cloth, the liquor in which they dip it hath very sharp and abstersive particles; which, consuming and scouring off all the matter that filled the pores, make thecloth more apt to receive the dye, because its pores are empty and want something to fill them up.
Most assuredly I tell you, wherever this gospel may be preached throughout the whole world, that which this woman has done will also be spoken of for a memorial of her.
But he put them all outside, and taking her by the hand, he called, saying, Little girl, arise!
let him know that he who turns a sinner from the error of his way will save a soul from death, and will cover a multitude of sins.
SUCH being the history of these men, it is clear that our comparison of them will have few points of difference or dissimilarity to show.
The overseer therefore must be without reproach, the husband of one wife, temperate, sensible, modest, hospitable, good at teaching;
He began to tell them, Today, this Scripture has been fulfilled in your hearing.
All flesh will see God's salvation. '
I look over to Melissa.
in which were all kinds of four-footed animals of the earth, wild animals, reptiles, and birds of the sky.
bears all things, believes all things, hopes all things, endures all things.
Then among Timoleon’s cavalry officers an astonishing strife and contention arose which delayed the battle.
When Demetrius complained that they hadsent only one ambassador to him, they replied, Is it not enough one to one?
Don't they blaspheme the honorable name by which you are called?
You also once walked in those, when you lived in them;
but the end of the charge is love, out of a pure heart and a good conscience and unfeigned faith;
Part 31 In febrile diseases attended with a sense of lassitude, deposits form about the joints, and especially those of the jaws.
The Lord said to Paul in the night by a vision, Don't be afraid, but speak and don't be silent;
The sun is rising now.
Now all this has happened, that it might be fulfilled which was spoken by the Lord through the prophet, saying,
Therefore Peter and the other disciple went out, and they went toward the tomb.
On Political Harmony
He had an idea that the man who has lost his temper differs from him who has lost his mind only in duration of time.
Tom is diligent.
Let him who stole steal no more; but rather let him labor, working with his hands the thing that is good, that he may have something to give to him who has need.
Let no man despise your youth; but be an example to those who believe, in word, in your way of life, in love, in spirit, in faith, and in purity.
Jesus said therefore again to them, I am going away, and you will seek me, and you will die in your sins. Where I go, you can't come.
Isocrates Sends Greeting to Dionysius
Behold, a woman in the city who was a sinner, when she knew that he was reclining in the Pharisee's house, she brought an alabaster jar of ointment.
But refuse younger widows, for when they have grown wanton against Christ, they desire to marry;
Woe, when men speak well of you! For their fathers did the same thing to the false prophets.
They all said, Are you then the Son of God? He said to them, You say it, because I AM.
It happened, while they were greatly perplexed about this, behold, two men stood by them in dazzling clothing.
among whom you are also called to belong to Jesus Christ;
Amphitryon Hush! hush! he is turning over, he is waking! Oh!let me hide myself, concealed beneath the roof.
For we know him who said, Vengeance belongs to me, says the Lord, I will repay. Again, The Lord will judge his people.
The disciples therefore said one to another, Has anyone brought him something to eat?
For if God didn't spare angels when they sinned, but cast them down to Tartarus, and committed them to pits of darkness, to be reserved to judgment;
yet not at all meaning with the sexual sinners of this world, or with the covetous and extortioners, or with idolaters; for then you would have to leave the world.
For as the Father raises the dead and gives them life, even so the Son also gives life to whom he desires.
Question
and some save, snatching them out of the fire with fear, hating even the clothing stained by the flesh.
Then, upon seeing her beauty, I began debating with myself.
For you didn't receive the spirit of bondage again to fear, but you received the Spirit of adoption, by whom we cry, Abba! Father!
But I ask, didn't Israel know? First Moses says, I will provoke you to jealousy with that which is no nation, With a nation void of understanding I will make you angry.
Beware therefore, lest that come on you which is spoken in the prophets:
But let a man examine himself, and so let him eat of the bread, and drink of the cup.
Therefore they asked the blind man again, What do you say about him, because he opened your eyes? He said, He is a prophet.
The world is passing away with its lusts, but he who does God's will remains forever.
It became known throughout all Joppa, and many believed in the Lord.
He said, He who showed mercy on him. Then Jesus said to him, Go and do likewise.
For we don't have here an enduring city, but we seek that which is to come.
Now Jesus had spoken of his death, but they thought that he spoke of taking rest in sleep.
Are you in danger?
Then Araspas withdrew; he got together the most trusted of his attendants, told some of his friends such things as he thought would contribute to the success of his scheme, and was gone.
We are therefore ambassadors on behalf of Christ, as though God were entreating by us. We beg you on behalf of Christ, be reconciled to God.
He advised his friends to endeavour to be rich, not in money, but in bravery and virtue.
They told him, We only have here five loaves and two fish.
They marched by land to Apollonia, a Corinthian colony, the route by sea being avoided from fear of Corcyraean interruption.
When therefore he was raised from the dead, his disciples remembered that he said this, and they believed the Scripture, and the word which Jesus had said.
Nevertheless even of the rulers many believed in him, but because of the Pharisees they didn't confess it, so that they wouldn't be put out of the synagogue,
And on her forehead a name was written, MYSTERY, BABYLON THE GREAT, THE MOTHER OF THE PROSTITUTES AND OF THE ABOMINATIONS OF THE EARTH.
But go, tell his disciples and Peter, 'He goes before you into Galilee. There you will see him, as he said to you. '
Jesus, answering, began to tell them, Be careful that no one leads you astray.
Part 20 Cold pinches ulcers, hardens the skin, occasions pain which does not end in suppuration, blackens, produces febrile rigors, convulsions, and tetanus.
But Jesus said to her, Let the children be filled first, for it is not appropriate to take the children's bread and throw it to the dogs.
At Mantineia, when efforts were made to dissuade him from risking a battle with the enemy who outnumbered his own men, he said, He who would rule over many must fight with many.
The Egyptians claim to be sure of all this, since they have reckoned the years and chronicled them in writing.
Jesus answered them, Elijah indeed comes first, and will restore all things,
The blind and the lame came to him in the temple, and he healed them.
For the Gentiles seek after all these things, for your heavenly Father knows that you need all these things.
He said, Truly I tell you, this poor widow put in more than all of them,
But you did follow my teaching, conduct, purpose, faith, patience, love, steadfastness,
He will glorify me, for he will take from what is mine, and will declare it to you.
Blessed is he who is not offended by me.
In like manner he also who got the two gained another two.
He answered, What did Moses command you?
He became hungry and desired to eat, but while they were preparing, he fell into a trance.
All this I freely give to you; for myself, I have a sufficient livelihood from my slaves and my farms. ”
Not that we have lordship over your faith, but are fellow workers with you for your joy. For you stand firm in faith.
Who then is Apollos, and who is Paul, but servants through whom you believed; and each as the Lord gave to him?
For you are our glory and our joy.
For this cause they couldn't believe, for Isaiah said again,
and above it cherubim of glory overshadowing the mercy seat, of which things we can't now speak in detail.
He lived there a year and six months, teaching the word of God among them.
But in no time these Minyae became imperious, demanding an equal right to the kingship, and doing other impious things;
EUMENES
Therefore even the first covenant has not been dedicated without blood.
for sin, finding occasion through the commandment, deceived me, and through it killed me.
But Solomon built him a house.
But, that I don't delay you, I entreat you to bear with us and hear a few words.
They gave him a piece of a broiled fish and some honey comb.
desiring to be teachers of the law, though they understand neither what they say, nor about what they strongly affirm.
I have spoken these things to you, that my joy may remain in you, and that your joy may be made full.
But the chief priests stirred up the multitude, that he should release Barabbas to them instead.
But Simon Peter, when he saw it, fell down at Jesus' knees, saying, Depart from me, for I am a sinful man, Lord.
And nothing happened during the campaign which was more distressing to Agesilaus than the desertion of Spithridates, Megabates, and the Paphlagonians.
but to wear sandals, and not put on two tunics.
But if I by the Spirit of God cast out demons, then the Kingdom of God has come upon you.
and came and lived in a city called Nazareth; that it might be fulfilled which was spoken through the prophets: He will be called a Nazarene.
who are Israelites; whose is the adoption, the glory, the covenants, the giving of the law, the service, and the promises;
CAESAR AUGUSTUS
But concerning the resurrection of the dead, haven't you read that which was spoken to you by God, saying,
For what will a man give in exchange for his life?
Part 18 Pains seated above the diaphragm indicate purging upward, and those below it, downward.
Are you greater than our father, Abraham, who died? The prophets died. Who do you make yourself out to be?
But you did not learn Christ that way;
Without being weakened in faith, he didn't consider his own body, already having been worn out, (he being about a hundred years old), and the deadness of Sarah's womb.
accounting the reproach of Christ greater riches than the treasures of Egypt ; for he looked to the reward.
But the heavens that now are, and the earth, by the same word have been stored up for fire, being reserved against the day of judgment and destruction of ungodly men.
He said to them, Did you never read what David did, when he had need, and was hungry he, and they who were with him?
‘I see, Athenians, that you are thoroughly bent upon the expedition, and therefore hope that all will turn out as we wish, and proceed to give you my opinion at the present juncture.
Now she who is a widow indeed, and desolate, has her hope set on God, and continues in petitions and prayers night and day.
The God and Father of the Lord Jesus Christ, he who is blessed forevermore, knows that I don't lie.
One of the scribes came, and heard them questioning together. Knowing that he had answered them well, asked him, Which commandment is the greatest of all?
When the devil had completed every temptation, he departed from him until another time.
They have tails like those of scorpions, and stings. In their tails they have power to harm men for five months.
When someone said that Philip would make Greece forbidden ground to them, he said, It is quite enough, my friend, for us to go and come within the confines of our own land.
Others fell among the thorns, and the thorns grew up, and choked it, and it yielded no fruit.
It is good to not eat meat, drink wine, nor do anything by which your brother stumbles, is offended, or is made weak.
Three years afterwards a truce was made between the Peloponnesians and Athenians for five years.
MENEDEMUS
As the days of Noah were, so will be the coming of the Son of Man.
I thank my God whenever I remember you,
Things will come of themselves.
When someone inquired why the Spartans hadmade Tyrtaeus the poet a citizen, he said, So that a stranger shall never appear as our leader.
The desire of wickedness came up in your heart.
For he was a good man, and full of the Holy Spirit and of faith, and many people were added to the Lord.
Yes, and all the prophets from Samuel and those who followed after, as many as have spoken, they also told of these days.
Part 4 Ulcers, attended with a falling off of the hair, are mali moris.
because on account of him many of the Jews went away and believed in Jesus.
In persons affected with chronic disease of the hip-joint, if the bone protrude from its socket, the limb becomes wasted and maimed, unless the part be cauterized.
and will not rather tell him, 'Prepare my supper, clothe yourself properly, and serve me, while I eat and drink. Afterward you shall eat and drink? '
signifying death in preference to disgrace; for this, however, the coward had not the heart, but was made weak by no one knows what hopes, and became a part of his own spoils.
Why are you driving us out?
However we know where this man comes from, but when the Christ comes, no one will know where he comes from.
I wish that those who disturb you would cut themselves off.
But he, passing through the midst of them, went his way.
He who believes in me, as the Scripture has said, from within him will flow rivers of living water.
For whatever is born of God overcomes the world. This is the victory that has overcome the world: your faith.
They began to accuse him, saying, We found this man perverting the nation, forbidding paying taxes to Caesar, and saying that he himself is Christ, a king.
came to me, and standing by me said to me, 'Brother Saul, receive your sight!' In that very hour I looked up at him.
When he had entered in, he said to them, Why do you make an uproar and weep? The child is not dead, but is asleep.
But she is happier if she stays as she is, in my judgment, and I think that I also have God's Spirit.
Oinoë had been fortifed.
The sixth angel sounded. I heard a voice from the horns of the golden altar which is before God,
Hieronymus also says that he measured the Pyramids: watching their shadow, and calculating when they were of the same size as that was.
He said that the worst ruler is one who cannot rule himself.
Stop, speak no farther!
Jesus, answering, spoke to the lawyers and Pharisees, saying, Is it lawful to heal on the Sabbath?
that the Gentiles are fellow heirs, and fellow members of the body, and fellow partakers of his promise in Christ Jesus through the gospel,
Neither be idolaters, as some of them were. As it is written, The people sat down to eat and drink, and rose up to play.
Jesus came therefore again to Cana of Galilee, where he made the water into wine. There was a certain nobleman whose son was sick at Capernaum.
Pharisees came to him, testing him, and saying, Is it lawful for a man to divorce his wife for any reason?
When the strong man, fully armed, guards his own dwelling, his goods are safe.
Amphitryon Indeed I do.
Having done this, they all build a great barrow of earth, vying eagerly with one another to make this as great as possible.
What then is my reward? That, when I preach the gospel, I may present the gospel of Christ without charge, so as not to abuse my authority in the gospel.
In love of the brothers be tenderly affectionate one to another; in honor preferring one another;
The second angel sounded, and something like a great burning mountain was thrown into the sea. One third of the sea became blood,
When those who fed them saw what had happened, they fled, and told it in the city and in the country.
He sighed deeply in his spirit, and said, Why does this generation seek a sign? Most assuredly I tell you, no sign will be given to this generation.
Immediately coming up from the water, he saw the heavens parting, and the Spirit descending on him like a dove.
For John indeed baptized in water, but you will be baptized in the Holy Spirit not many days from now.
Chorus O you blessed powers below, hear this supplication of ours, and with a favorable will send forth to these children your aid for victory!
PART 41XLI. Food for the young partly digested, for the old completely changed, for adults unchanged.
Humble yourselves therefore under the mighty hand of God, that he may exalt you in due time;
As they passed by in the morning, they saw the fig tree withered away from the roots.
In such contests the state gives the rewards to others, and takes the dangers for herself.
However he shook off the creature into the fire, and wasn't harmed.
Part 14 In fluxes of the bowels, a change of the dejections does good, unless the change be of a bad character.
Jesus said to him, Do you see these great buildings? There will not be left here one stone on another, which will not be thrown down.
My defense to those who examine me is this.
He hurried, came down, and received him joyfully.
The Father himself, who sent me, has testified about me. You have neither heard his voice at any time, nor seen his form.
But remember the former days, in which, after you were enlightened, you endured a great struggle with sufferings;
But God said to him, 'You foolish one, tonight your soul is required of you. The things which you have prepared whose will they be? '
Watch and pray, that you not enter into temptation. The spirit indeed is willing, but the flesh is weak.
He prayed again, and the sky gave rain, and the earth brought forth its fruit.
There will be great earthquakes, famines, and plagues in various places. There will be terrors and great signs from heaven.
Whoever will exalt himself will be humbled, and whoever will humble himself will be exalted.
By so much has Jesus become the collateral of a better covenant.
Though they found no cause for death, they still asked Pilate to have him killed.
Part 28 In all cases whatever, bilious discharges cease if deafness supervenes, and in all cases deafness ceases when bilious discharges supervene.
Blessed are they whose iniquities are forgiven, Whose sins are covered.
who will give account to him who is ready to judge the living and the dead.
Therefore don't be anxious for tomorrow, for tomorrow will be anxious for itself. Each day's own evil is sufficient.
This wisdom is not that which comes down from above, but is earthly, sensual, and demonic.
Meanwhile Cylon and his besieged companions were distressed for want of food and water.
Therefore when Jesus saw his mother, and the disciple whom he loved standing there, he said to his mother, Woman, behold your son!
The king will no longer be able to catch us.
I thank God that I baptized none of you, except Crispus and Gaius,
Then Judas Iscariot, Simon's son, one of his disciples, who would betray him, said,
You know the commandments: 'Don't commit adultery, ' 'Don't murder, ' 'Don't steal, ' 'Don't give false testimony, ' 'Honor your father and your mother. '
But now that faith is come, we are no longer under a tutor.
and soundness of speech that can't be condemned; that he who opposes you may be ashamed, having no evil thing to say about us.
But the Lord is faithful, who will establish you, and guard you from the evil one.
Again, we need not be alarmed either at the possibility of their raising fortifications in Attica, or at their navy.
for he powerfully refuted the Jews, publicly showing by the Scriptures that Jesus was the Christ.
Sometimes, while they are going down to the plain at night, they are cut off by parties of armed and mounted men. This is a dangerous method of capturing them.
O that I had so much power!
He departed there, and went into their synagogue.
Both sleep and insomnolency, when immoderate, are bad.
and if I ask, you will in no way answer me or let me go.
I know that you are Abraham's seed, yet you seek to kill me, because my word finds no place in you.
Chorus Ah Zeus! On account of the poisonous hate of Io vengeance from the gods pursues us. I know your consort’s sky-conquering spite; for a stormy seafollows a harsh wind.
But to us, God revealed them through the Spirit. For the Spirit searches all things, yes, the deep things of God.
Tongues like fire appeared and were distributed to them, and it sat on each one of them.
Therefore, my beloved, flee from idolatry.
He first found his own brother, Simon, and said to him, We have found the Messiah! (which is, being interpreted, Christ).
Again I tell you, it is easier for a camel to go through a needle's eye, than for a rich man to enter into the Kingdom of God.
Among these were Timoleon the Corinthian and Aemilius Paulus, whose Lives I have now undertaken to lay before my readers;
Withstand him steadfast in your faith, knowing that your brothers who are in the world are undergoing the same sufferings.
Now a famine came over all the land of Egypt and Canaan, and great affliction. Our fathers found no food.
My spirit has rejoiced in God my Savior,
Part 22 When black bile is evacuated in the beginning of any disease whatever, either upward or downward, it is a mortal symptom.
Meeting Voconius with three daughters who had very ugly faces, he said softly to his friends, Phoebus forbade when he his children got.
For this is the will of God, that by well-doing you should put to silence the ignorance of foolish men:
His mother and his brothers came, and standing outside, they sent to him, calling him.
and they may recover themselves out of the devil's snare, having been taken captive by him to his will.
As they spoke to the people, the priests and the captain of the temple and the Sadducees came to them,
and kept back part of the price, his wife also being aware of it, and brought a certain part, and laid it at the apostles' feet.
Part 29 Rigors which occur on the sixth day have a difficult crisis.
I charge you in the sight of God, and Christ Jesus, and the elect angels, that you observe these things without prejudice, doing nothing by partiality.
Part 12 Phrenitis along with pneumonia is bad.
As they sat and were eating, Jesus said, Most assuredly I tell you, one of you will betray me he who eats with me.
Chapter 7. DEMOCRITUS(? 460-357 B. C. )
Another, when a lyre was brought in at an evening party, said, It is not Spartan to indulge in nonsense.
So the tongue is also a little member, and boasts great things. See how a small fire can spread to a large forest!
It is not just to prefer strength to good wisdom.
The assembled kings were those of the Tauri, Agathyrsi, Neuri, Maneaters, Black-cloaks, Geloni, Budini, and Sauromatae.
Mary Magdalene and Mary, the mother of Joses, saw where he was laid.
But don't you be called 'Rabbi, ' for one is your teacher, the Christ, and all of you are brothers.
and begins to beat his fellow-servants, and eat and drink with the drunken,
how will we escape if we neglect so great a salvation which at the first having been spoken through the Lord, was confirmed to us by those who heard;
When they had sung a hymn, they went out to the Mount of Olives.
They couldn't answer him regarding these things.
Neither shall you swear by your head, for you can't make one hair white or black.
But beware of men: for they will deliver you up to councils, and in their synagogues they will scourge you.
By faith, Jacob, when he was dying, blessed each of the sons of Joseph, and worshiped, leaning on the top of his staff.
May it never be! We who died to sin, how could we live in it any longer?
Test all things, and hold firmly that which is good.
But he was ambitious to surpass them all in discussion, and was therefore driven to use inaptly what he had imperfectly learned from Plato.
and to offer a sacrifice according to that which is said in the law of the Lord, A pair of turtledoves, or two young pigeons.
Into whatever house you enter, stay there, and depart from there.
If a kingdom is divided against itself, that kingdom cannot stand.
Now all these things happened to them by way of example, and they were written for our admonition, on whom the ends of the ages have come.
For I understand that they contemplate a combined attack, upon our lines with their land forces and with their fleet by sea.
and in nothing frightened by the adversaries, which is for them a proof of destruction, but to you of salvation, and that from God.
For if we believe that Jesus died and rose again, even so those who have fallen asleep in Jesus will God bring with him.
EUDAMIDAS
Hail, children of Zeus! Give honor to my song! And now I will remember you and another song also.
But Mary was standing outside at the tomb weeping. So, as she wept, she stooped and looked into the tomb,
His disciples asked him, Rabbi, who sinned, this man or his parents, that he was born blind?
For right worthily hath Phoibos, and worthily hast thou, bestowed this care for him that is dead.
If you will ask anything in my name, I will do it.
Why do you call me, 'Lord, Lord, ' and don't do the things which I say?
Now as he spoke, a certain Pharisee asked him to dine with him. He went in, and sat at the table.
I have come as a light into the world, that whoever believes in me may not remain in the darkness.
But if any man thinks that he is behaving inappropriately toward his virgin, if she is past the flower of her age, and if need so requires, let him do what he desires. He doesn't sin. Let them marry.
Arise, let us be going. Behold, he who betrays me is at hand.
Chorus And you who within the house inhabit the inner chamber that exults in its wealth, hear me, you gods, that feel with us!By a fresh award redeem the blood of deeds done long ago. May aged Murder cease begetting offspring in our house!
Some believed the things which were spoken, and some disbelieved.
Now after John was taken into custody, Jesus came into Galilee, preaching the gospel of the Kingdom of God,
I planted. Apollos watered. But God gave the increase.
saying, 'These last have spent one hour, and you have made them equal to us, who have borne the burden of the day and the scorching heat!'
You know the commandments: 'Do not murder, ' 'Do not commit adultery, ' 'Do not steal, ' 'Do not give false testimony, ' 'Do not defraud, ' 'Honor your father and mother. '
Now some are puffed up, as though I were not coming to you.
At any rate, it is said that among ten thousand dead bodies, three thousand were those of Carthaginians a great affliction for the city.
For we don't preach ourselves, but Christ Jesus as Lord, and ourselves as your servants for Jesus' sake;
Socrates. I think you are correct, Euthyphro;
to an administration of the fullness of the times, to sum up all things in Christ, the things in the heavens, and the things on the earth, in him;
Such were the order and the forces of the two combatants. The Lacedaemonian army looked the largest;
He asked him, What is your name? He said to him, My name is Legion, for we are many.
But Peter and the apostles answered, We must obey God rather than men.
But give for gifts to the needy those things which are within, and behold, all things will be clean to you.
Now the Passover of the Jews was at hand. Many went up from the country to Jerusalem before the Passover, to purify themselves.
Believe me that I am in the Father, and the Father in me; or else believe me for the very works' sake.
It was for this reason that Hippocrates gave his son the name Pisistratus as a remembrance, calling him after Pisistratus the son of Nestor.
The next day, we touched at Sidon. Julius treated Paul kindly, and gave him permission to go to his friends and refresh himself.
But as they arrived at night and found the bridge broken, they were in great alarm lest the Ionians had abandoned them.
Now while the bridegroom delayed, they all slumbered and slept.
Let each one of us please his neighbor for that which is good, to be building him up.
Whoever desires to be first among you shall be your bondservant,
If we should say, 'From men' they feared the people, for all held John to really be a prophet.
The nobleman said to him, Sir, come down before my child dies.
Chorus But when, his sanity regained, he grew miserable in his wretched marriage, then carried away by his grief and with maddened heart he accomplished a double evil. With the hand that killed his father he struck out his eyes, which were dearer to him than his children.
Does our law judge a man, unless it first hears from him personally and knows what he does?
For if anyone is a hearer of the word and not a doer, he is like a man beholding his natural face in a mirror;
which in other generations was not made known to the sons of men, as it has now been revealed to his holy apostles and prophets in the Spirit;
Behold, one came to him and said, Good teacher, what good thing shall I do, that I may have eternal life?
For you always have the poor with you; but you don't always have me.
The Jews therefore did not believe concerning him, that he had been blind, and had received his sight, until they called the parents of him who had received his sight,
Therefore bring forth fruit worthy of repentance!
For by your words you will be justified, and by your words you will be condemned.
and the envoys having been introduced to make their speech after the festival, spoke as follows.
I am the true vine, and my Father is the farmer.
When someone pointed out to him a wall, and inquired if it was strong and high, he said, Is it not a place where women live?
I say this not to condemn you, for I have said before, that you are in our hearts to die together and live together.
who had his dwelling in the tombs. Nobody could bind him any more, not even with chains,
You're very brave.
Chorus of the Processional Escort Gracious and favorable to the land, come here, venerable goddesses, with flame-fed torch, rejoicing as you go cry aloud now in echo to our song!
For the Kingdom of God is not in word, but in power.
To a man who was listening avidly to some spitefully slanderous remarks a Spartan said, Stop being so generous with your ears against me!
The multitude, crying aloud, began to ask him to do as he always did for them.
A little yeast grows through the whole lump.
All unrighteousness is sin, and there is a sin not leading to death.
When the Pharisee saw it, he marveled that he had not first washed himself before dinner.
or does he say it assuredly for our sake? Yes, it was written for our sake, because he who plows ought to plow in hope, and he who threshes in hope should partake of his hope.
If it be urged that your reception of us will be a breach of the treaty existing between you and Lacedaemon, the answer is that we are a neutral state,
OTHO
They entombed the envoys in a well, noble in so far as they stood by their resolution, but impious in the execution of the punishment.
Part 38 Defluxions into the cavity of the chest suppurate in twenty days.
He asked the scribes, What are you asking them?
laying up in store for themselves a good foundation against the time to come, that they may lay hold of eternal life.
Jesus, answering them, said, Haven't you read what David did when he was hungry, he, and those who were with him;
Jesus Christ is the same yesterday, today, and forever.
Standing still, Jesus commanded him to be brought to him. When he had come near, he asked him,
They are of the world. Therefore they speak of the world, and the world hears them.
One ran, and filling a sponge full of vinegar, put it on a reed, and gave it to him to drink, saying, Let him be. Let's see whether Elijah comes to take him down.
But that you may know that the Son of Man has authority on earth to forgive sins he said to the paralytic
Come, now, let me also read the testimony.
Part 53 In whatever cases of fever very viscid concretions form about the teeth, the fevers turn out to be particularly strong.
for I tell you, I will not drink at all again from the fruit of the vine, until the Kingdom of God comes.
And from the same mode of reasoning, applying the opposite rule to melancholic persons, we must purge them freely downward.
The main cause however of their return was because they knew that when they set out, Lacedaemonian opinion was really in favour of peace.
But Saul, who is also called Paul, filled with the Holy Spirit, fastened his eyes on him,
and had suffered many things by many physicians, and had spent all that she had, and was no better, but rather grew worse,
The report of this went out into all that land.
Chorus This is our song over the sacrificial victim frenzied, maddened, destroying the mind, the Furies’ hymn, a spell to bind the soul, not tuned to the lyre, withering the life of mortals.
Jesus, seeing their faith, said to the paralytic, Son, your sins are forgiven you.
For I will not dare to speak of any things except those which Christ worked through me, for the obedience of the Gentiles, by word and deed,
and saw him saying to me, 'Hurry and get out of Jerusalem quickly, because they will not receive testimony concerning me from you. '
David therefore calls him Lord, so how is he his son?
Chorus That the mighty race of our honorable mother escape the embrace of man (ah me), unwedded, unvanquished.
It happened, when he drew near to Bethsphage and Bethany, at the mountain that is called Olivet, he sent two of his disciples,
But Christ having come as a high priest of the coming good things, through the greater and more perfect tabernacle, not made with hands, that is to say, not of this creation,
for the perfecting of the saints, to the work of serving, to the building up of the body of Christ;
They ate, and were all filled. They gathered up twelve baskets of broken pieces that were left over.
He went through Syria and Cilicia, strengthening the assemblies.
Who shall separate us from the love of Christ? Could oppression, or anguish, or persecution, or famine, or nakedness, or peril, or sword?
to those who are without law, as without law (not being without law toward God, but under law toward Christ), that I might win those who are without law.
if anyone is blameless, the husband of one wife, having children who believe, who are not accused of loose or unruly behavior.
But from the beginning of the creation, 'God made them male and female.
I was daily with you in the temple teaching, and you didn't arrest me. But this is so that the Scriptures might be fulfilled.
Part 81 If a patient pass blood, pus, and scales, in the urine, and if it have a heavy smell, ulceration of the bladder is indicated.
Brothers, I couldn't speak to you as to spiritual, but as to fleshly, as to babies in Christ.
Do you suppose they expected to be suffering like this?
Jesus said to them, The sons of this age marry, and are given in marriage.
Then the mother of the sons of Zebedee came to him with her sons, kneeling and asking a certain thing of him.
So there arose a division in the multitude because of him.
Long after these events many of the Plataeans also found chests full of gold and silver and other things.
Then six days before the Passover, Jesus came to Bethany, where Lazarus was, who had been dead, whom he raised from the dead.
His disciples said to him, If this is the case of the man with his wife, it is not expedient to marry.
But Paul and Barnabas stayed in Antioch, teaching and preaching the word of the Lord, with many others also.
Part 40 Catarrhs and coryza in very old people are not concocted.
But Jesus said to them, You don't know what you are asking. Are you able to drink the cup that I drink, and to be baptized with the baptism that I am baptized with?
and no one need think the worse of us for revolting from them in danger, after having been honored by them in time of peace.
Such was the nature of the calamity, and heavily did it weigh on the Athenians; death raging within the city and devastation without.
Thus encouraged by Demosthenes, the Athenians felt more confident, and went down to meet the enemy, posting themselves along the edge of the sea.
Let deacons be husbands of one wife, ruling their children and their own houses well.
But he withdrew himself into the desert, and prayed.
It was then, they say, that Pompey was so filled with delight and admiration that he rose from his seat as Brutus approached, and in the sight of all embraced him as a superior.
the Syracusan squadron went to Locri, and one of the merchantmen from Peloponnese coming in, while they were at anchor there, carrying Thespian heavy infantry,
Blessed are those servants, whom the lord will find watching when he comes. Most assuredly I tell you, that he will dress himself, and make them recline, and will come and serve them.
The Plataeans, seeing their enemies in a trap, now consulted whether they should set fire to the building and burn them just as they were, or whether there was anything else that they could do with them;
and said to them, Go your way into the village that is opposite you. Immediately as you enter into it, you will find a colt tied, on which no one has sat. Untie him, and bring him.
For we can do nothing against the truth, but for the truth.
But they didn't all listen to the glad news. For Isaiah says, Lord, who has believed our report?
to the end that we should be to the praise of his glory, we who had before hoped in Christ:
He said to those who stood by, 'Take the mina away from him, and give it to him who has the ten minas. '
backbiters, hateful to God, insolent, haughty, boastful, inventors of evil things, disobedient to parents,
Now at the feast he used to release to them one prisoner, whom they asked of him.
Whoever compels you to go one mile, go with him two.
But the wise took oil in their vessels with their lamps.
Deacons, in the same way, must be reverent, not double-tongued, not addicted to much wine, not greedy for money;
But I, brothers, if I still preach circumcision, why am I still persecuted? Then the stumbling-block of the cross has been removed.
and that moist vapour is liquefied by density and cold, whenever, that is, it is compressed in the depths of earth and becomes fluid.
To Hermes
Rejoice over her, O heaven, you saints, apostles, and prophets; for God has judged your judgment on her.
What shall I experience?
The Letter from Jude
He said that the Spartans did not askhow many are the enemy, butwhere are they?
For my yoke is easy, and my burden is light.
After this they marched seven stages at the rate of five parasangs a day to the Phasis river, which was a plethrum in width.
I am one who testifies about myself, and the Father who sent me testifies about me.
Shall I report a truce or war?
The day following, he appeared to them as they fought, and urged them to be at peace again, saying, 'Sirs, you are brothers. Why do you wrong one to another? '
Go stand and speak in the temple to the people all the words of this life.
that you may walk worthily of the Lord, to please him in all respects, bearing fruit in every good work, and increasing in the knowledge of God;
on this they placed Caesar’s body, and in the midst of many sanctuaries, asylums, and holy places, burned it.
He said to them, The Son of Man is lord of the Sabbath.
When they had gone through the island to Paphos, they found a certain sorcerer, a false prophet, a Jew, whose name was Bar Jesus,
The Jews answered him, We have a law, and by our law he ought to die, because he made himself the Son of God.
and they found him, and told him, Everyone is looking for you.
So the woman left her water pot, and went away into the city, and said to the people,
What was the blessing you enjoyed? For I testify to you that, if possible, you would have plucked out your eyes and given them to me.
For though there are things that are called gods, whether in the heavens or on earth; as there are many gods and many lords;
Again he returned, and found them sleeping, for their eyes were very heavy, and they didn't know what to answer him.
